Tallguy: goodnight
Tallguy: and goodmorning
Izzy_blight: Good nothingness
Tallguy: hows is your morning ?
Izzy_blight: Empty
Tallguy: have you ate ?
Izzy_blight: No and won't be able to for a few hours probably
Tallguy: why ?
Izzy_blight: McDonald's isn't open yet
Tallguy: make something lol
Izzy_blight: Can't
Tallguy: and may I ask why ?
Izzy_blight: Got nothing cookable... and even if I did I dunno how to cook, I can barely make microwave popcorn
Tallguy: THERES INSTUCTIONS 
Izzy_blight: I can't read
Tallguy: You have been properly answering me this whole time
Tallguy: you can read boo
Izzy_blight: No I can't i dropped out of daycare
Tallguy: and you can properly spell
Tallguy: and make mostly grammatically sentences/ statements
Izzy_blight: i dunt kow whate you taking are abot
Tallguy: Ima go beat my meat
Izzy_blight: Ok uhh good luck with that I guess-
Izzy_blight: *thyroid explodes causing death*
Tallguy: That lowkey killed the horny
Tallguy: Im depression
Izzy_blight: I've been horny all night but I have to wait for my dad to go out
Izzy_blight: Very frustrating
Tallguy:  You must make a lot of noise or something
Izzy_blight: Not at all. But we share the same room.
Tallguy: oh
Tallguy: sorry
Tallguy: das tough lmao
Izzy_blight: Yea I'm stuck in a motel room
Izzy_blight: WiFi is shit and I can't be naughty. Everything is awful
Tallguy: I have own room and my door is so fucked up people think its locked half the time
Tallguy: (my door doesnt have a lock)
Tallguy: You aint got no nudes or anything ?
Tallguy: Ik you got hoes lmao
Izzy_blight: I got nudes but can't look at em until he goes. I get very few bitches though
Izzy_blight: My nudes are mostly ill gotten
Tallguy: some same for me
Tallguy: How about you go "take a bath" and just do it in the tub
Izzy_blight: I can't take my phone in there
Tallguy: Is that a actual rule or you dont know how to take it in there without him noticing ?
Izzy_blight: Both
Tallguy: Use your best memory of you having sex and use that 
Tallguy: haha
Izzy_blight: I've done that a lot, it's not as exciting anymore
Tallguy: used your memory or had a lot of sex 💀
Izzy_blight: The former, unfortunately not the latter
Izzy_blight: If I could get fucked right now that would be amazing.
Tallguy: lol
Tallguy: in front of your dad is crazy lol
Tallguy: Im in bed rn kind of wasting time till I have to be at work
Izzy_blight: I wish I had a job. Anything to distract me 
Tallguy: 3 questions if you dont mind answering them
Tallguy: Why dont you have a job ?
Tallguy: I forgot the last one
Tallguy: oh yeah
Tallguy: How old are you again ?
Tallguy: Im a very forgetful person
Izzy_blight: Cause I'm too lazy and have no skills, yesterday morning, and I'm 18
Tallguy: Girl
Tallguy: You dont need a skill
Izzy_blight: I don't?
Tallguy: Im making 15 a hour doing foods even though I only worked in retail
Tallguy: no ?
Tallguy: Unless you are doing a job that require a skill you dont need a skill
Tallguy: Work at McDonalds or something
Tallguy: You horny mf
Tallguy: I cant talk tho
Izzy_blight: Honestly I don't even think I'd be good at the lowest grade jobs like retail or fast food. I have to interact with people for those. And I'm severely autistic
Izzy_blight: And yes I am, thank you ❤
Tallguy: Autism is not a excuse
Tallguy: One of my former bestfriends was def on the spectum
Tallguy: Izzy_blight: And yes I am, thank you ❤ - Lmao
Tallguy: anyways she worked with me at a waterpark with autism and she has sensory issues
Tallguy: I lowkey miss her now
Izzy_blight: :( aww honey
Izzy_blight: Did she die
Izzy_blight: Get crushed by a car?
Tallguy: no ???
Tallguy: I hope not
Tallguy: I wanna be friends with her in the future
Izzy_blight: Oh. Good, yeah hopefully not
Izzy_blight: I'm sure you'll meet again one day near jimmys house
Izzy_blight: Jimmy has a way of bringing people together ❤❤
Tallguy: I miss her personality and how she always wanted a hug
Tallguy: and how she would hug me when she felt to overloaded from sounds
Izzy_blight: Cute. I would have loved to know her. I'm averse to physical touch though so the hugs would make me vomit
Tallguy: Also she would scream at me for so long  if we do meet up lol
Izzy_blight: Yummy
Tallguy: I like how you wannna get fucked but you hate people touching you lmao
Izzy_blight: Yeah I'm very complicated. Anyway,
Tallguy: That was so vulgar
Tallguy: I apologize
Izzy_blight: No it's ok honey I understand
Tallguy: anyways
Tallguy: Also girl im only a year younger than you dont honey me like ur 40
Izzy_blight: Sorry, I do that. I feel parental to everyone I meet. I treat everyone like my kids
Tallguy: lol
Tallguy: I do call everyone kids
Tallguy: Like at work ill be like hi kids even though im the youngest
Tallguy: or at school
Izzy_blight: Aww. Such a goofy little gaffer
Izzy_blight: I love you son
Tallguy: Its fine though I dont mind
Tallguy: tf is a gaffer  ?
Izzy_blight: Idk it's something old people say
Tallguy: do mind me asking why are yall in a motel ?
Izzy_blight: We are moving. Well, been trying to
Izzy_blight: We sold our house but can't find another one 
Izzy_blight: So we've pretty much been living here for a couple weeks
Tallguy: thats so sucky
Izzy_blight: Very. Makes me wanna shoot myself.
Tallguy: I dont like sharing a room with people that I dont wanna share a room with
Tallguy: No I hate it
Izzy_blight: Ikr. I hate having an old man watching me eat and sleep. And I hate having to watch him do the same
Izzy_blight: AND I HATE NOT BEING ABLE TO WATCH PORN
Izzy_blight: i need it so bad 
Tallguy: I be having to many urges if yk what I mean and that would drive me crazy
Tallguy: I need to line up a plan to get some after I get out of boot camp
Izzy_blight: I'm such a pervert. I have to touch myself at least three or four times a day. I get very grumpy when I can't
Tallguy: can you do while he sleeps ?
Izzy_blight: I did once. Felt too risky though cause he's not a heavy sleeper
Izzy_blight: I barely got away with it. He wakes up so much at night 
Tallguy: you actually finish is crazy lol
Tallguy: *finishing*
Tallguy: I create to much of a mess so its way harder if people are in the room
Tallguy: Cause ill have makesure it doesnt get on my clothes and I have to clean it off of me or my dick 
Izzy_blight: I usually don't cum that much so it's easy to subdue initially but more seeps out as I come down from climax. It can take a while to get it all out and wiped up. It's inconvenient
Izzy_blight: Why am I telling you that? I don't know. Yuck, sorry
Tallguy: Ive told you about my experience first so i should be saying sorry
Tallguy: not to sound weird but your experience sounds interesting
Izzy_blight: You're an exploder, I'm a leaker. We both know that about each other now, I guess
Tallguy: this should been a private convo lmao
Izzy_blight: Yeah probably 
Tallguy: actually how does it come out for you, is it white or clear ?
Tallguy: if you dont mind answering
Izzy_blight: Mix of both. Clear stuff mostly with globs of sticky white stuff
Tallguy: For me it depends on how long since i came
Tallguy: and a bit on my diet
Izzy_blight: I eat dirt and sticks
Izzy_blight: Healthy diet 👌
Tallguy: its clear when i do it a lot and a bit sticky but when i dont do for a while its white and thicc
Tallguy: dirt and sticks dont sound like enough lmao
Izzy_blight: Mmm maybe mine would be thicc if I went a while without... you know. But nah no way I'm doing that
Tallguy: also its veryyyyy sticky when i dont do for a while
Izzy_blight: Owo
Izzy_blight: Natural glue.
14:03:49Monday, July 3, 2023

