Steak72: With you, the world is bright.
Steak72: You matter to me
Steak72: Despite all your hardships, you're standing there, writing in an lobby chat.
Steak72: Even if your parents wanted to lock you up and restrict your freedom, you still managed to be free from your inner boundaries
Steak72: Your eyes are bright, your hands soft, and yet, you're strong against bullies.
Steak72: Because you resist them. Think about it: How many times did you died in real life?
Steak72: Zero. Zero times you got killed and you have so much potential.
Izzy_blight: Who even are you? I've been wondering that for a long time. You seem to know a lot about me.
Steak72: Don't let your dreams be dreams, Izzy. You can talk to your friends anytime later. After days, they will miss you too, because you're at least also valueble
Steak72: It's called psychology and first impression
Steak72: And experience with other humans. There are many people struggling the same things you did.
Steak72: Abuse, bad parents, suicide, religiosity...
Steak72: Yet you should rather focus on your self than of the people they ignore you.
Steak72: And although suicide seems nice, if you change your opinion during your fall, you can't come back. 
Steak72: Also suicide hurts and ppl sad and you can't experience pleasured up things, you die anyway so just wait till it comes.
Steak72: Sorry, do you wanna say something?
Izzy_blight: In the past, do you remember that time you make fake accounts of a bunch of my old friends and used them to talk to me? I really liked that. It was strangely theraputic. But... Why did you do that for me? And how did you know them? It's been on my mind ever since.
Steak72: Because of you think you're ugly, there's a liklihood someone finds you beautiful 
Steak72: The true which Dtrump struggles is, I am many persons.
Steak72: See, I don't know myself who I am + it's a school computer, so maybe someone even took my name.
Steak72: Stay strong, because someone outside really cares about you.
Izzy_blight: Oh. I don't really think I know who I am either. All I know is that I'm a bad person
Steak72: What's a bad person?
Izzy_blight: Whatever I am
Steak72: Why can't you just be yourself?
Steak72: Like what's good and bad anyway?
Player is offline.
Steak72: Are your parents guilt-tripping you for pursuing your own desires?
Steak72: Bad internet but for outsiders, just ignore this
Steak72: I am going to watch Minecraft Lets Plays, so please
Steak72: Or any last words with your instable internet or something?
Izzy_blight: Please be safe. I love you, mystery man
Izzy_blight: Thank you for everything 