Game List
Obamabinstalin: bbc
Obamabinstalin: big
Obamabinstalin: black
Obamabinstalin: comb
Kakashi77: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE9STeYXdyg
Itouchgrass: k
Soup50: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/780943909207146546/889751409078181919/image0.png?width=602&height=594
Larcerdude: nice
Gulgazo_im_xylus: Gay
Larcerdude: you?
Uternut: Do you have depression?
Larcerdude: maybe do you?
Uternut: Yes
Uternut: How can I solve this
Uternut: And anger problems
Larcerdude: depends on your age iq
Uternut: And something I regret but if I do, it's condemned by society
Uternut: 21 and 95 IQ I guess
Uternut: So between 85 and 105 IQ I reached online and offline the higher score
Larcerdude: well 21 age do you have a job
Uternut: But I typed one year younger so my result was compared to a "dumber" audience and skew me as higher
Uternut: I lost a job recently
Larcerdude: ok
Uternut: Like few weeks because I was too bad and bored for it
Uternut: Who likes to clean toilets anyway
Larcerdude: do you seek another job
Uternut: Uhm. I generally hate work but I have to do it
Uternut: I am seeking but thinking about that alone cause me hopelessness
Larcerdude: seeking a job is tough
Larcerdude: but
Uternut: A cycle of forcing yourself to stand up at 5 AM and getting fired as a cycle with low wage
Uternut: Meanwhile social inequality increases. Only if we would stay neutral to Ikraine and get a welfare state
Uternut: Food would be cheaper
Uternut: But hey... I am just a common unemployed ... loser technically
Uternut: Yeah I lost at life if we keep this real
Larcerdude: staying neutral to ukraine?
Uternut: My dad said "take school seriously " and I well... took it to chill
Uternut: Because inflation
Uternut: And you know... Economics. Me working with even lower wage
Larcerdude: american i quess
Uternut: Mixed race
Uternut: But kinda
Uternut: I think that all nations abondoned me
Uternut: If I get deported, noone would want me
Larcerdude: i dont think so
Uternut: I also want to stay home rather than fight a war
Larcerdude: if your mixed you cant be deported
Uternut: Idk. I distance myself from patriotism
Larcerdude: americans arent fighting in there
Uternut: I mean my birth place is Serbia and they're orthodox zealots who likes authoritarian so
Uternut: As I said, it's hard to pin down if we go on race and nationaity
Larcerdude: but your still american ccitizen so you dont have to worry
Uternut: Since my dad is from Brazil and my grandmother from Argentina and so on. Who knows who I rlly am
Uternut: Yeah
Uternut: Just Trump made it clear and that political polarization. That this isn't enough 
Larcerdude: yeah dont worry bout the war you wont have to fight
Uternut: :/
Uternut: Anyways. I am here about depression issues and regrets
Larcerdude: so why are you depressed
Uternut: Like what would you do if you have a decision, where you only disappoints both sides
Uternut: Because missed opportunities
Uternut: I guess. My dad said I could reach high
Uternut: But I refused and ignored all of my problems in life
Larcerdude: depends who you want to disapoint the least
Uternut: Now he's in Brazil again and my mom was divorced earlier
Uternut: I want to disappoint myself the least
Larcerdude: you cant always make everyone happy
Uternut: If I make a choice, ppl will judge me and concequences 
Uternut: It is about getting away and survival more really
Larcerdude: also fuck other peoples opinions
Larcerdude: do what you feel is the best
Uternut: Idk. We live in a society after all
Uternut: And some ppl might destroy my reputation meanwhile me searching for job
Larcerdude: yeah and people will deal with it
Uternut: Your chef will google your name or not?
Uternut: I dealt with my laziness already
Uternut: I like to avoid conflict, but as I grew older, I face more dilemmas
Larcerdude: i know the feeling
Larcerdude: some conflicts are unavoidable
Uternut: Cancel culture and the police. They will confront me depending on how I go on things
Uternut: And there's the disappointment thing and me procastrating 
Uternut: Since as I was a kid I like to do things in last seconds, making heavy decisions as late as possible, and that last my feelings in the end
Uternut: I know it sounds stupid because I should cope that
Larcerdude: if there is a job you want and it "disapoints" your family then that seems like their problem
Uternut: I do the job because of money and yeah. They expect me to do it
Uternut: But like. I have a conflict 3 days ago
Uternut: And I walked with my aunt
Uternut: And wanted to helped a guy escaping
Uternut: But as soon as I would do that, the chaser going on him, my aunt and all others would call me suspect
Uternut: The chased one was my friend
Uternut: And we're poor
Uternut: My dad already confronted with the police breaking into his door in 2020
Larcerdude: you have to make your own choises
Uternut: And they kidnapped him
Uternut: It's like courage vs cowardness 
Uternut: And I was the one who did nothing in the mail
Larcerdude: courage will win
Uternut: Shop center.
Uternut: Even if it's kinda illegal to support him being chased?
Larcerdude: yes
Uternut: What am I talking? It's just illegal
Uternut: Why are you so sure about it?
Larcerdude: if its family yes
Uternut: It's a friend
Larcerdude: friend also
Uternut: And my aunt said no to help him
Uternut: As we walked together 
Larcerdude: friends=family
Uternut: But why would you think that courage and helping him escaping would turn out good to me?
Uternut: That's why I am struggling with that decision
Uternut: At least they can't blame me for not talking
Uternut: If I would be as fast as Usain Bolt, I could escape those consequences 
Soup50: poo ass
Generic: man wtf is happening here
Uternut: But I would get chased to with my friend and my aunt would lost me. After all, she lived longer here than I do and is wiser I think
Larcerdude: nark them out and see what happens, its better to be with them
Uternut: It's realistic that there will be no one-way-solution to my problems
Uternut: I tried though talking
Larcerdude: use them for your own benefit
Uternut: To the newcomers, how do you deal with regrets?
Larcerdude: regret is for losers
Uternut: Is this a question? It's our benefit for a group
Uternut: A small group consisting my friends and family but still
Larcerdude: benefit for a group? only benefit yourself
Uternut: That too
Uternut: That's why I said "our" benefit
Uternut: For him and me and others
Larcerdude: you cant benefit if you regret it
Uternut: I regret it because I made the wrong choice
Uternut: The environment forces me to make the wrong choice 
Uternut: Why does have my friend to be so risky anyways? "Boys be boys"
Larcerdude: you can not be friends with sertain people
Uternut: In general I am unsure, but I feel like I make myself to be more afraid than it's necessary 
Uternut: But that friend gifts me money and random stuffs and I gift him too
Larcerdude: make the sertain friends not your friend group
Uternut: In this world, it's better to have fake friends than none kind of
Uternut: I have almost none
Uternut: It's just 3 in total
Uternut: Or 4? More fluid
Cronos: HAllo
Uternut: How do you deal with regrets, Cronos?
Uternut: And financial problems? And the feel that you could become something greater but you yourself are the greatest barrier to it?
Uternut: Ok so I f I have no friends, I have noone 
Uternut: That's even weaker than having a group who's based of trade
Uternut: And few talking a too
Uternut: Also I keep my distance
Larcerdude: i mean its be to have no shit firends
Uternut: Just sometimes, I feel like a traitor, a pussy if I wouldn't do certain things to prove loyality a bit
Uternut: The system is bad for ppl like us
Larcerdude: thats sound just like a gang
Uternut: He has to do what he has to do but he was at the wrong time in the wrong place
Uternut: It's friends
Larcerdude: friends can be in a gang
Uternut: Don't we all have a "gang"? The police is just a gang who legalizes itself
Uternut: Anywho. I feel a bit bad but during time I will cope that
Uternut: And every time I remind it again, I feel bad , but it's okay
Larcerdude: man i try to advise you but you dont seem to fully get it
Uternut: Because I have to deal with it. It's how becoming an adult is
Larcerdude: i am an adult i know what its like
Uternut: Your advise is to break all friendships?
Uternut: The bad ones
Uternut: Being an adult is forced
Larcerdude: yes break the bad friendships
Uternut: But they're sometimes good
Uternut: And it's hard to get real friends, if they exists
Larcerdude: you dont want to be friends with an drug addict that begs for money
Uternut: Doesn't time make someone a real friend? And providing someone with money in a world where no one gives you?
Larcerdude: friends that are sometimes good are not real friends
Uternut: He isn't an drug addict
Larcerdude: still
Uternut: I would never get real friends
Uternut: Especially in 2022 as an asult
Uternut: In Kindergarten maybe
Larcerdude: if a friend is shit 1/3 of the time i wouldnt be their friend
Uternut: But now, people are mistrustful 
Uternut: He was just two times this shit
Uternut: Or the third time was close
Larcerdude: two times out of 3
Uternut: No it was for years
Uternut: Sometimes I contact him, sometimes not
Larcerdude: i would tell them
Uternut: Others said I should stay away from him or don't be too long I agree
Uternut: But I felt that he could help me and I him
Larcerdude: if other people say to stay away listen to them
Uternut: And the thing is he even escaped but make his problem artificial and is afraid to go outside in general
Uternut: Why would I? They can't see the good thing he does 
Uternut: Like I said: I have flaws and upsides, he has and were helping each other out
Larcerdude: if he does good thins sometimes it doesnt mean he is good
Uternut: Not regularly because we have our own privacy but yeah
Uternut: What's the matter if he is?
Uternut: I mean in theory everyone could backstab me
Uternut: But like, if not his actions, how should I judge people
Uternut: And the streets is harsh
Larcerdude: if you are good to others they might be good to you
Uternut: Yeah. The golden rule
Larcerdude: yes
Uternut: But it costs to be good and that's where my friend comes in
Uternut: He promised me first and we share our worries
Uternut: He was similar to his mental issues and situation he was in
Uternut: He was also bullied, hatred and avoided, just more extreme and awarely pushing boundaries 
Larcerdude: well my advice surely is not working maybe ask them for help i quess
Uternut: None of us expected to work this in a long-term
Uternut: We will die earlier because we're to weak and have no pension
Uternut: I just wanted to hear a different perspective 
Uternut: What would you do if bad feelings is nagging you?
Larcerdude: i suggest getting a real psychiatric help if it bothers you this much
Uternut: It just comes and goes
Larcerdude: what i said do it
Larcerdude: it will help you
Uternut: For example if I sleep or watch funny videos I forget, but there's one hour I think about that incident and the future
Larcerdude: psychiatric counseling would help you deal with this
Uternut: Idk if the psychiatric guy would betrayel me and it's expensive, but ok
Larcerdude: they wouldnt betray you
Larcerdude: they have laws they need to follow
Uternut: But for real, if you just have a nagging bad feeling, you would also go to the psychiatrist or is there a simpler solution for that?
Uternut: Yeah. The Law.
Uternut: And how reality is like with corruption and deep state
Larcerdude: i would and i have gone and they have helped me alot. try it
Uternut: And other mans struggling to even get food or a job
Uternut: I consider that as an option
Uternut: Still sounds more of a for-profit business than genuinely help
Larcerdude: its really not they do their best to make you feel better
Uternut: Because I am the weak and the psychiatrist is the smarter one. He doesn't have a connection to really help me as a person
Uternut: I wish I can just solve the problem
Larcerdude: try it
Larcerdude: it doesnt mean your weak
Uternut: Not just feel better but having a goal in life. A long-term one 
Uternut: Thx
Uternut: Idk what should I say now
Larcerdude: they help you to get back at your feet
Uternut: Except thx everyone and you, Larcerdude for listening
Uternut: I still distrust them but will try anyways
Larcerdude: i mean i was like you in the past i needed someone to listen to me 
Uternut: And google their recessions 
Uternut: Yeah and I think it's kind of a sickness in itself to be listened
Larcerdude: i got alot of help from psychiatric and it might help you too
Uternut: I am still in the same situation and confused. Just being listened won't get me that far
Uternut: If you said so
Uternut: Well if no one wants to join this convo 
Larcerdude: they dont only listen they also talk back ask questions about you and it feels so much better when someone listens
Uternut: Also scrolling up this chat, I come up as a gay weakling
Larcerdude: naah
Uternut: That's one of many reasons why I am anon
Dtrump: no
Larcerdude: your not anon your logged in
Uternut: Idc. God made me male, I never ask for this. Just flashbacks of my dad wanting to cut woods and become a "real male"
Soup50: Why spend money on a therapist when you can talk to equally mentally unstable people on here
Uternut: I mean anonym
Uternut: Would be embarrassing if I talk that to public and ppl will abuse my weak points
Uternut: I mean, I thought if talking to homeless ppl, since that can be my future self aswell
Uternut: Also me being afraid of war and street fighting decrease my malehood, but yeah I want to be myself and not a stereotypical male if that makes sense
Larcerdude: yeah
Soup50: I witnessed my favorite homeless person lose the weekly knife fight
Dtrump: circle of life
Uternut: Real male would die of their country no matter what they do and get laid with a lot of woman
Uternut: I am the opposite. Avoiding woman and having children at all cost. No dad, having children and being poir isn't the greatest thing in life
Soup50: Jizzy's back again or this is just another person with equally bad grammar?
Uternut: Yeah I have issues
Larcerdude: if a proper war got on the line soldiers wouldnt be needed it would be just nukes all around
Uternut: I am from Serbia so
Soup50: oof my bad
Larcerdude: serbia my europian brother
Dtrump: all of them are on different accounts
Uternut: Just asking randomly, is someone neutral to Ukraine or are you all pro?
Larcerdude: pro ukraine
Larcerdude: fuck russia
Uternut: Good luck working more hours for the same living standard. Also it's none of my business what happens in other side of the world
Uternut: Any motivation to go political?
Larcerdude: im all for politics
Uternut: I know it's a loop where noone agrees and everyone gets offended
Larcerdude: everyone agrees that russia sucks
Uternut: Ok so if we were all neutral to this war, it would be faster finished and there would be less sufferings for everyone
Dtrump: war is war
Uternut: Yes Russia is imperialistic but so is the United States
Larcerdude: we want russia to back down
Uternut: Iraq, Afghanistan? And if we would... Let Ukraine to join the inevitable, it would be less sufferings
Uternut: Does it work?
Uternut: Is Putin now calmed after many sanctions letting Russian soliders to starve?
Larcerdude: middle east was different
Uternut: How?
Larcerdude: it was usa that was hostile
Uternut: Russia wants to liberate Ukraine from nationalists. Crimea and eastern Ukraine wants to go to russia
Larcerdude: they dont want to be part of russia
Uternut: And Alexander Lukschenko (whatever his name) came after a rebellion into power
Dtrump: you are a idioit
Dtrump: idiot*
Uternut: There's rumors about theCIA playing divide en empere 
Uternut: I am probably 
Larcerdude: its like russian president election you can vote for others but it doesnt count
Uternut: It's a complicated situation
Larcerdude: its really not
Larcerdude: russia attacked
Uternut: It kind of is. Putin has nukes
Uternut: It's like someone pointing a gun to your family
Uternut: You can't go full superhero and ignoring the interests of the "evil"
Larcerdude: putin is a pussy he would have used them already if he wasnt a pussy
Uternut: He would used them if he's desperate like Hitlers last blow
Larcerdude: he was already on the same line as hitler before this war
Uternut: Than many will die because the west couldn't find a diplomatic solution 
Uternut: Russia accuses the west of abondoning the Soviets/Russia in 1990s
Larcerdude: russia will be out of soldiers before ukraine surrenders
Uternut: And that's where the revanchism spirale goes
Uternut: Idk about military details or what source this is
Uternut: Yet I heard that the Russian military will use their old outdated equipments first
Larcerdude: as a person from a country that was ruled by soviets no one will surrender to putin
Uternut: That's why they seem to struggled with invading Ukraine at the first days because to outsource the old ones
Uternut: It's a question of time and power
Larcerdude: yeah losing 20k man power makes many people join the army
Uternut: Give a man enough pain and they will give up to their demands
Uternut: Russia is an authoritarian country with military duties and many sacrificing 
Uternut: Noone reached moscow yet in history
Larcerdude: but those will run out
Uternut: True
Larcerdude: even when ukraine is 5 times smaller russia is still losing
Uternut: Yet do the US rlly need Switzerland to pressure to this too?
Larcerdude: yes
Uternut: Or breaking neutrality agreements to others
Uternut: Well. I disagree and it's complicated moral situation I know
Uternut: Yet who needs Austria or Mongolia to be into this? What would they do with almost no army
Uternut: Or even Andorra and Iceland?
Uternut: Ok that's a different topic 
Larcerdude: austia and swiz control most of the unregulated cash flow from russia
Ass: wait is there a general chat for players+
Larcerdude: no
Uternut: I agree with swiss being economically important. Yet they can be also control unregulated cash flow from IS and other stuffs
Uternut: US*
Uternut: Yup. I am pretty uninformed. Yet neutrality is supposed to stay away from both sides conflict
Uternut: Or the Swiss can invite the CIA and the Russian spys and they deal like a man meanwhile Swiss just eats popcorn
Uternut: I don't see how's different from WW2
Uternut: Why the Swiss can't hold their neutrality now?
Uternut: The question lays down to how greedy Putin really is to their provinces 
Soup50: Boob
Generic: if we die tonight get buried next to me
Soup50: Cock and ball trture
Soup50: a jizz of mayonnaise
Tallguy: hellooo
Femmy_: you are all gay
Soup50: ok
Femmy_: soup
Soup50: please stop calling me gay
Tallguy: soup
Femmy_: you fuckhead where did you go?
Soup50: I touched a willy in high school once and it was just a little mistake
Tallguy: we missed your juicy ass
Femmy_: ^
Soup50: So please stop calling me gay
Soup50: It got juicier
Femmy_: pics???
Tallguy: WE GOTTA SEE
Femmy_: LMAO
Tallguy: EVIDENCE
Tallguy: no homo
Femmy_: ayo?
Soup50: No pics
Soup50: all trust
Femmy_: aight
Soup50: I have dickscord again
Tallguy: ima need a loooot of evdence
Femmy_: you already hat a fatty why do you need a PHATTER ass
Femmy_: had*
Soup50: Because I needed to get a fat ass and not be a fatass
Soup50: I only lost like 15lbs tho
Femmy_: L
Tallguy: what have you been doing ?
Soup50: I weigh 199.7on an empty stomach
Soup50: working out
Soup50: going to car shows
Soup50: being lonely
Tallguy: I miss the fun we had
Soup50: I saw lina for like 0.5 seconds but she didn't say nothing
Tallguy: the amount of shit posting we did at like 3am
Soup50: yeah
Soup50: I have a new instagram account
Soup50: https://www.instagram.com/reel/CiBVm2qpsNF/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
Tallguy: awwww a shit post account
Tallguy: with 9k post
Soup50: not mine
Soup50: it was just funny
Soup50: but I know them
Tallguy: ima need yours
Tallguy: and like 15 vids of them cheeks clapping
Soup50: @rls.tim
Soup50: https://img.ifunny.co/images/5024171eafbeec00368421bc3f833dc1ccdb29e6a6d33ed4c6a25d400bcd838c_1.webp
Tallguy: bettt
Tallguy: dry ass account
Soup50: yeah
Soup50: https://img.ifunny.co/videos/a9eea0b33885b6bc2451eb48f9f5ccbec4891623e33bb630f57fc7891ecd7d22_1.mp4
Soup50: https://www.bandlab.com/revisions/e51ba125-e72b-ed11-b494-000d3a3ee5f3?sharedKey=WcsMTwNyc0aBgqHlGvFi-w
Soup50: I've finally started posting
Soup50: on the grammer
Soup50: Vertically advantageous man
Soup50: follow me or you're white
Tallguy: yes massa
Tallguy: and its shit post
Soup50: of course
Soup50: How do you think I gathered 813 followers on my old account
Tallguy: idk
Soup50: shitpost
Soup50: xbox or ps4?
Tallguy: i have both so both
Soup50: u got forza horizon 5?
Tallguy: yeah
Soup50: u tryna hop on? no homo
Tallguy: not now
Soup50: man.
Generic: nitrous oxide
Generic: shit dont even put me to sleep
Soup50: Don't show me boobs I'm deathly afraid of boobs ahhhhh
Soup50: e
Generic: y am i always the bad guy when im jus trying to help?
Hugecawk: Oh fuck yes 
Hugecawk: My manhood is risen!
Hugecawk: Who wants to ride on my throbbing member?
(anon): I CANT STOP BLEEDING OUT MY ASSHOLE OOOHHHHH FUUUCK
(anon): SOMEONE HELP ME
(anon): Wait hang on 
(anon): It stopped 
(anon): Whew 
(anon): Whelp time to start jerking off 
Soup50: e
Fag30: I GOT KICKED 
Fag30: What the actual FUCK
Fag30: Makes me want to KICK PUPPIES
Soup50: ok moose
Fag30: AND THEN FUCK THE KICKED PUPPIES
Fag30: Until they EXPLODE ON MY DICK
Fag30: AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH SHIT
Fag30: GOT A PIECE OF PUPPY CAUGHT IN MY URETHRA
Fag30: OUCH
Fag30: IT ISNT A SMALL PIECE EITHER PRETTY SURE IT IS A LEG 
Fag30: GOOD THING I HAVE A ROBUST COCK
Dtrump: robot cock
Fag30: OK I AM EXTRACTING THE PIECE OF DEAD PUPPY FROM MY DICKHOLE 
Fag30: Steady hands 
Fag30: Got it 
Fag30: Whew ok now I am gonna fuck more kicked puppies UNGH UNGH UNGH UNGH
Dtrump: you must have down syndrome or some shit
Fag30: Quit killing my buzz 
Fag30: These puppies aren’t gonna fuck themselves 
Fag30: Anyone got any spare puppies 
Fag30: I’ll give them a good new home 
Soup50: mines grew up the other day sorry
Fag30: Dang 
Soup50: yeah
Fag30: Since that is the case I’ll admit now that I wasn’t going to give the puppies a good home I was going to kick them rape them and bury them under my porch 
Fag30: But nevermind now siiiiigh
Fag30: Lamest Saturday evening ever 
Asd24: Hi
(anon): ByEer
(anon): hi!!!
Soup50: hi?
Soup50: file:///C:/Users/thing/Downloads/3364671cdb6841e5ca04bb43d0774a3a334e5d958f094efeca848ed300314ec2_1.mp4
Soup50: fuck
Soup50: e
Soup50: https://soundcloud.com/rls_tim/nat-james-hold-up-prod-rls-tim?si=94884bfa661d44d88bfb50f818505cab&utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing
Soup50: .fl
Soup50: fucl
Izzy_blight: Suicidal thoughts 🤔💭🔥💯
Generic: goin thru motions 
Generic: muddy emotions
10:41:56Sunday, September 4, 2022
assuming way before
10:54:39Sunday, September 4, 2022

