Ncdc: I didn't...Ncdc: Ah darnitDtrump: overused memeNcdc joined.Assmaster: hiNcdc: So I am 21 and you?Assmaster: 23Ncdc: No that girlGirl4you: 22Ncdc: LolGirl4you: but stop plsNcdc: With whatNcdc: We're just startedNcdc won the round!Ncdc: 21 22 23Ncdc: Now we need an 20 years old oneGirl4you: invite more players if u canNcdc: AhhNcdc: You just use meNcdc: Well okBakersfield joined.Assmaster won the round!Girl4you: yes, are you a simp?Girl4you: hahaButterscotch joined.Ncdc: What's wrong with liking woman too much?Bakersfield won the round!Girl4you: NothingNcdc: I mean... Just a little bit of bloopers and posting here would be good for the wellbeing Assmaster: bloopers?Girl4you won the round!Girl4you: TrueBakersfield logged out.Bakerfield joined.Ncdc won the round!Ncdc: There's catbox.moe to publish picturesNcdc won the round!Ncdc: And we're anonymNcdc: And bobs... existsGirl4you won the round!Girl4you: What catbox.moeNcdc: A picture-hosting website where you can make your pic to an online linkAssmaster: https://files.catbox.moe/ga4vy9.PNG
Bakerfield won the round!Ohfuck joined.Girl4you: NiceSillysamtastic joined.Ncdc: And I asked you for some part to photo yourself because why notNcdc: The night is still young, babeBakerfield: I agreeNcdc: See? He agrees.Girl4you: I dont know youNcdc: My name is NcdcNcdc: Now you know me enough where Girl4you: Really...?Ncdc: to whisperAssmaster won the round!Ncdc: What would go wrong?Ncdc: Like we all visit biology class and know how it looks like down thereOhfuck won the round!Ncdc: Also everyone just know your name too soGirl4you: Ok fine...Ohfuck: LETS FUCKING GONcdc: YayGirl4you: But i am not beautiful are u sure?Ncdc: Man I am excited Ncdc: I am ugly too so it balanced Girl4you won the round!Girl4you: OkNcdc: I mean it motivationalyOhfuck: how dark should this one beBakerfield logged out.Assmaster won the round!Girl4you: https://files.catbox.moe/xryhwb.jpg
below 01:08Ncdc: Like were all are hidden behind our monitors. Ncdc: To be honestOhfuck: im so sorry Ncdc: It's more beautiful than I exceptedOhfuck: but at the same timeGirl4you: Really?Ohfuck: im notNcdc: Like I don't deserve this. I should spend 5 $ on itAssmaster: song is Iron Lotus my MILINcdc: I am not good at feedbacksGirl4you: ThxAssmaster: *byNcdc: But it looks soft and nice like you areGirl4you won the round!Ncdc: Dumb question but are you Indian or Asian?Butterscotch logged out.Girl4you: Thx you so muchGirl4you: IndianNcdc: You are welcomeNcdc: Lol I guess rightNcdc: Because of that call color and chain around your neckNcdc: My English badGirl4you: YesGirl4you won the round!Ncdc: Well anyways, I kiss your cheeks and you're a very courageous woman and young looking  :-*Assmaster won the round!Girl4you: But please do not share it or put it on internet pleaseNcdc: Why would IOhfuck: how old are you?Ncdc: After all I have no friendsNcdc: 21Girl4you: I am 22Ncdc: Yeah we told that earlierSillysamtastic: If you’re 22 what year were you bornGirl4you: Can I get a photo with you please?Ncdc: And she can embrace herself openlyJefferybezos joined.Girl4you: I was born on 21 january 2000Ohfuck: okNcdc: "with you" you mean whoSillysamtastic: OKGirl4you: you?Ncdc: me?Ohfuck: i have seen things looking for the perfect image, end my lifeNcdc: Like me me?Girl4you: I mean, when were you born and yes photo with ncdcNcdc: I choose woman because they're naturally automatically more beautiful than meNcdc: BruhAssmaster: ?Ncdc: Do you doubt I am 21?Assmaster won the round!Jefferybezos: Bro whatNcdc: I mean it's voluntary, right?Jefferybezos: there was another jeffery bezos lmaoGirl4you: no but what dateNcdc: date?Ncdc: Man that's some extra steps thereGirl4you won the round!Jefferybezos: I was the og jefferybezosNcdc: I am the introvert loner boyGirl4you: yes what date and photo please?Ohfuck logged out.Ncdc: Ah this dateNcdc: Still kinda sus. Is this Facebook account registration or what?Ncdc: There's other ppl in this chatSillysamtastic won the round!Ncdc: Why focusing of meGirl4you: because you asked me for photoNcdc: Yees Ncdc: And that means?Sillysamtastic: Oh my God yes this is publicAssmaster: yes it isGirl4you: you can wishper meNcdc: I told her the whisper function to be fairNcdc: ThxGirl4you: was it public????Ncdc: Because... I am bad at commitmentsNcdc: Just enjoy your lifeNcdc won the round!Jefferybezos: Wtf is going on here lmaoGirl4you: please please delete the photoNcdc: You did a good contribution to this hu ManityNcdc: OkSillysamtastic: Ur pic yes it was Girl4you: pleaseNcdc: act on itJefferybezos: What tf happened Ncdc: The host can delete photosNcdc: she will leaveGirl4you: please host pleaseNcdc: anyways I guessAssmaster: its goneSillysamtastic: Lol Sillysamtastic: im dead Ncdc: It always has been goneMommymaya joined.Girl4you: thank you so muchNcdc: she will get worried even moreNcdc: Now anything to do tonight?Ncdc: There's another chat outside this gameGirl4you: yes play this gameNcdc: There's Generic and Femmy. They're nice pplGirl4you: you?Ncdc: I just recommend you other pplGirl4you: where are you from?Ncdc: Because they share the similar fate than youNcdc: ItalyGirl4you won the round!Generic joined.Ncdc: Well, but it's 1 o'clock in italy Girl4you: oh niceGeneric: bruh wtfNcdc: So I need my sleepMommymaya logged out.Assmaster: hi genGeneric: who TFNcdc: Good night guys Generic: took my color