58,273
Catgirlwithtea: french revolution, in class for me
(anon): but i dont feel like walking 30 minutes to walmart in -15 degree weather
Catgirlwithtea: yeesh
Blue_cagirl: cat ears to food
Catgirlwithtea: yeah, no you dont
Catgirlwithtea: huaheheeh
(anon): but they good tho
(anon): i miss the pink one
Blue_cagirl: The blue one was spicy
Blue_cagirl: I loved it
Catgirlwithtea: what is bug juice?
(anon): HUH
(anon): hold on ima grab a pic
Catgirlwithtea: is that a different culture/country thing?
Blue_cagirl: Spikey juice
(anon): you need to get introduced to bug juice 
Furryanimeboy: im missing something
Catgirlwithtea: sorry that im a hispanic and born in dallas, textas.
Catgirlwithtea: texas*
Catgirlwithtea: lol
Blue_cagirl: Mid west for me lol
Blue_cagirl: Boy we went from cat ears too bug juice
Catgirlwithtea: yup
(anon): 
https://gray-wsaw-prod.cdn.arcpublishing.com/resizer/A48V5q4A4IR5-IyuWtz8Qs-ZI8c=/1200x675/smart/filters:quality
(85)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/A7MHCSS7XRLJRFMVEBJNOGPW5Y.png
SHOW IMAGE
Furryanimeboy: oh okay
Catgirlwithtea: i just hope its not what its called
(anon): god dammit
(anon): hold on
Catgirlwithtea: is it what is its called?
(anon): 
https://i.pinimg.com/564x/27/eb/86/27eb8615dcc2b2eb0465a1dd19735423.jpg
SHOW IMAGE
(anon): bug juice >:)
(anon): it was my fucking childhood 
Catgirlwithtea: @anon please, is there anything i should know about this?
Blue_cagirl: BUG JUICEEEE
Catgirlwithtea: im not clicking it until you describe the image to me
(anon): It's fruit flavored juice
(anon): that i drank as a 4 year old
Blue_cagirl: same
(anon): cat i promise im not weird
(anon): its a picture of all the bug juice flavors 
Blue_cagirl: Can I show my cat ears on here?
(anon): i mean maybe..
Blue_cagirl: Well if its okay with tea aswell
Catgirlwithtea: oh tahnk GOD
Catgirlwithtea: and yes its fine
Catgirlwithtea: just dont show ur face
Blue_cagirl: it has like the top half of my face so just my eyes and nose
(anon): i just ordered 40 bottles of bug juice
Blue_cagirl: nice
Catgirlwithtea: no i wont accept that
Blue_cagirl: .-.
Blue_cagirl: why
Catgirlwithtea: just..take a picture of the ears on like a flat surface
Catgirlwithtea: i dont have good feelings about putting your face on here
(anon): i dont recommend showing your face on here 
(anon): huh? 
(anon): there are creeps
Blue_cagirl: Its my eyes and nose
Catgirlwithtea: no
(anon): shit there is two anons
(anon): btw its Dark set as anon cause i dont feel like signing in 
(anon): im too damn lazy 
(anon): Blue, i hate to say this but people are weird to everything. just take a picture of them on a table or something -ima
(anon): i only have like 6 mins left in my last class anyway
Blue_cagirl: damnit well this is intresting 
Catgirlwithtea: blue, i long for your safety
Blue_cagirl: I'm at school
Catgirlwithtea: ok
(anon): i coded an infinite code heh
Furryanimeboy: oh now i know what drink you talking about they sell it where i am in pretty much all grocery stores by me i miss drinking them
(anon): python can be fun
(anon): same
(anon): -ima
(anon): i ordered a shit tone of them
(anon): till i froze the desktop pc :D
Blue_cagirl: Okay I'll just crop my face out
Catgirlwithtea: thank you
(anon): sup tea
(anon): its ya boi Dark
Blue_cagirl: imma test it with tea first cuz I trust tea to see my face if it didn't work
(anon): i remember when they were only 50cents now they're fucking 5 bucks holy hell -ima
(anon): blue
Blue_cagirl: yes?
(anon): just send it to me on Skype .-.
Catgirlwithtea: its good
Blue_cagirl: You have it dude
Blue_cagirl: 
https://photo-collage.net/global/collages/photo-collage.net/temp_uploads/medium/b791df8ef326fdc5ea2da11509f3f5ec_IMG_20211204_212437454.jpg?1644263693764
SHOW IMAGE
(anon): oh
Catgirlwithtea: its just the ears
(anon): heh
(anon): Blue looks good with them :D
(anon): oh they look nice! -ima
Blue_cagirl: mhm only like $10
(anon): u typing ima at teh end to distinguish ourselves other anon? 
(anon): cause we're both purple on my end .-.
Catgirlwithtea: anon that isnt ima, stfu
Catgirlwithtea: HOW
Catgirlwithtea: HOW
Blue_cagirl: Its helljumper
Catgirlwithtea: I CAN NOT SEE COLORS ON MY ALTS
Catgirlwithtea: HOW CAN YOU GUYS
Blue_cagirl: idk
(anon): ye
Blue_cagirl: I just enabled colors
Catgirlwithtea: so did i
Catgirlwithtea: shit
(anon): its me... DarkSoulEatr_ttv (aka HellJumper203)
Catgirlwithtea: ok
Blue_cagirl: I got a choker on
Blue_cagirl: its doing its job
Furryanimeboy: they look good girl has a pair like this 
https://tse3.mm.bing.net/th/id/OIP.pPc2AVJJIH452Zcw5tWQ7gHaHa?pid=ImgDet&rs=1
SHOW IMAGE
(anon): yeah i type -ima at the end of all my messages bc my old account imafaggot got snatched
(anon): damn
(anon): welp i gtg
Catgirlwithtea: yeah, gen did that im pretty sure
Blue_cagirl: byeee
Furryanimeboy: but the ears are high up on the band
(anon): mhm, gen did -ima
Blue_cagirl: mine are clips
Catgirlwithtea: he's koda 2.0
Furryanimeboy: girls is a band
Blue_cagirl: yeah
Furryanimeboy: almost all the time im at her house they are on my head so yea
(anon): ima go finish my test
(anon): bye yall
Blue_cagirl: bye
Blue_cagirl: I kinda am light headed should I take off the chokerr
Furryanimeboy: i'm leaving in 20 mins just a heads up
Furryanimeboy: yes 
Catgirlwithtea: yes if you feel that way
Blue_cagirl: alright
Catgirlwithtea: we dont need you fainting
Furryanimeboy: ^
Catgirlwithtea: or passing out
Blue_cagirl: Wholy fuck air
Blue_cagirl: oh yeah no it left a mark on my neck
Furryanimeboy: bro i would never wear a choker a collar maybe 
Catgirlwithtea: oof
Captain11: how tight did you have it?
Catgirlwithtea: man, i want one now
Blue_cagirl: on the first button
Catgirlwithtea: PFFT
Blue_cagirl: it is a little small for me
Catgirlwithtea: oh
Catgirlwithtea: that makes sense
Blue_cagirl: I like being choked but I don't need to pass out rn
Catgirlwithtea: hahaha
Catgirlwithtea: tell 'you-know-who' that about me
Furryanimeboy: im just not going to question it
Blue_cagirl: I can be open about my kinks idc
Furryanimeboy: i can to when i remember them
Blue_cagirl: I mean name some I probably have that kink
Catgirlwithtea: bondage?
Furryanimeboy: you should know 3 of them already
Blue_cagirl: yes and I do know three of yours boy
Furryanimeboy: well do you have any of the 3
Blue_cagirl: all
Furryanimegirl: any of the 3 whats
Blue_cagirl: kinks
Blue_cagirl: talking about kinks
Furryanimegirl: what kinks
Blue_cagirl: Mine I think
Catgirlwithtea: do you remember a few of mine @blue
Catgirlwithtea: just curious
Blue_cagirl: Yes
Blue_cagirl: you are hard core tea
Furryanimegirl: what are your kinks cat or blue
Catgirlwithtea: hahaha
Catgirlwithtea: thx blue
Furryanimeboy: i know blue knows mine which i don't care if she does
Blue_cagirl: I don't care but I don't of all of mine
Weathercircle65: just so you know my whole class can see this chat
(anon): lmfao 
Catgirlwithtea: too bad
Furryanimegirl: maid kink is the only one i remember, whisper me the rest boy please
(anon): yall gay
Blue_cagirl: *cough* thigh highs*cough*
(anon): they're fucking socks
Furryanimegirl: i know that
(anon): what are so attractive abt socks? 
Blue_cagirl: its the thighs in them
Catgirlwithtea: mhm
Furryanimegirl: he likes my thighs
(anon): touche, thighs are hot- 
Furryanimeboy: i swear blue you expose me more i will find you and throw you 
Blue_cagirl: I don't think anyone online has seen mine
Blue_cagirl: ohh kinky
Catgirlwithtea: no, but only share it to a limited amount
Catgirlwithtea: @blue
Furryanimegirl: blue tell everyonehis kinks, or at least me
Blue_cagirl: No wait I have
Weathercircle65: are you all dudes or chicks
Furryanimegirl: im a chick
Catgirlwithtea: half of us are
Furryanimeboy: im a dude 
Catgirlwithtea: to which maybe we shouldnt say anything to him
Blue_cagirl: Collars, controlling vibes, lap sitting, thigh riding(maybe) 
Furryanimeboy: blue die
Catgirlwithtea: XDD
Blue_cagirl: Kill me yourself
Furryanimegirl: Dude im a masochist, hes a sadist for me
Blue_cagirl: hot
Catgirlwithtea: ^^\
Furryanimeboy: why yall bully me
Blue_cagirl: and I'm kinda Girls slave have to listen to her
Catgirlwithtea: yup
Catgirlwithtea: ya do
Furryanimegirl: oof, you dont have to be my slave
Blue_cagirl: Well better you then anyone else
Weathercircle65: do you guys have instagram?
Furryanimegirl: i tell you that you dont have to be anyones slave anymore
Furryanimeboy: T.T im being bullied by girls what is my life
Furryanimegirl: i do but im not saying it
Catgirlwithtea: yeah
Weathercircle65: fallow me @daleleonard22
Blue_cagirl: Deal with it bottom
Catgirlwithtea: we're not going to do that
Furryanimegirl: The baby boy is being bullied
Catgirlwithtea: guys, please dont
Furryanimeboy: nope im not going to follow you 
Furryanimegirl: im not following you
Furryanimeboy: and why me T.T
Furryanimegirl: BOTTOM ENERGY
Blue_cagirl: remember earlier bottom
Catgirlwithtea: SWITCH ENERGY 
Furryanimegirl: imma switch
Blue_cagirl: same here
Furryanimeboy: I WILL DESTROY YOU BOTH DON'T TEST ME
Furryanimegirl: WANNA BET?!
Furryanimeboy: FUCKING BRATS
Blue_cagirl: I'm testing and all I hear is bottom
Catgirlwithtea: HUHuaHuHuHA
Furryanimegirl: Bitch Bottom
Blue_cagirl: bottom boy
Furryanimegirl: baby botttom
Furryanimegirl: lol
Furryanimeboy: BLUE YESTERDAY SAYS OTHERWISE
Blue_cagirl: lol 
Landon010: hey world
Furryanimegirl: WHAT DID YOU TWO DO WITHOUT ME?!
Blue_cagirl: mhmm sure bottom
Landon010: im back 4 a few
Landon010: 0-o
Landon010: what?
Landon010: explain the situation
Furryanimegirl: dont worry abt it landon
Landon010: oh i am
Catgirlwithtea: we're just messing around
Landon010: to late
Landon010: mhm
Landon010: sure
Furryanimeboy: t or d was horny yesterday thats all im saying
Blue_cagirl: T or D got horny fast yesterday
Catgirlwithtea: it did
Landon010: mhm...what what happened just then tho
Landon010: at least wisper
Catgirlwithtea: everything
Landon010: 2 me
Furryanimeboy: blue do you remember what happened if so tell girl what happened i can't remember
(anon): hello?
Furryanimeboy: plus i leave in 2 mins
Blue_cagirl: if girl wants to know
Furryanimegirl: i do want to know
Mxangel: >_>
Catgirlwithtea: ANGEL
Catgirlwithtea: HII
Mxangel: Heyy
Landon010: hi
Catgirlwithtea: hi lando-buddy
Landon010: there up to sum horny in here
Furryanimegirl: hi angel and landon
Landon010: i joined and i ruined their erp
Catgirlwithtea: lmao
Furryanimegirl: lol
Mxangel: Oop
Landon010: am i wrong?
Furryanimeboy: bye yall
Blue_cagirl: bye
Blue_cagirl: class change
Catgirlwithtea: XDD
Catgirlwithtea: everybody fucking leaves
Landon010: its been a while since i done horny rp ngl
Landon010: wbu?
Catgirlwithtea: yeah
Landon010: i think it was december since
Catgirlwithtea: im trying not to that much because i normally do it with my gf
Landon010: cool
Landon010: brb
Catgirlwithtea: ok
Landon010: tell me if something kinky pops up
Catgirlwithtea: leaving for the sixth time
Catgirlwithtea: all lone
Catgirlwithtea: alone*
Mxangel: :P
Captain11: chat died
Catgirlwithtea: yup
Captain11: so.... wyd?
Catgirlwithtea: writing
Captain11: cool
(anon): heyo
Catgirlwithtea: hey
(anon): hru
Catgirlwithtea: im doing alright
(anon): thats good:)
Catgirlwithtea: mhmm :)
Landon010: hey
Landon010: back from the meat beat
Landon010: hello?
(anon): huh
(anon): the what now
Landon010: oh uhhh 
(anon): ??
Landon010: o_o
Landon010: nin
Landon010: nun
Landon010: 0////0
(anon): mhm sure
Landon010: you wernt ment to hear
(anon): anyways hru?
(anon): oh i can go if you want
Landon010: oh no]
Landon010: no
Landon010: ur good
Landon010: i just didnt know anyone was on
Landon010: but im doin alright i guess
Landon010: wbu
(anon): thats good
(anon): im ok, wyd?
Landon010: just got back in class
Landon010: wbu
Landon010: now on here
Landon010: hello? ima?
(anon): not much
(anon): just taking a state test
Landon010: no one is on 4 some reason
Landon010: state test?
(anon): ion now
(anon): yeah state test
Landon010: weird
Landon010: do u take it a certin age?
(anon): nah its one of the 2 tests I have
(anon): yea
(anon): 3rd grade and up
Landon010: oh
Landon010: we dont do that
(anon): and then benchmarks idk
(anon): lucky
(anon): its ass
Landon010: naa your either in school or retarted
(anon): im retarded
Landon010: so how was your saturday/sunnday?
Landon010: no ur not
(anon): all of friday no power, saturday we didnt get power until 5pm, sunday was ok just not the best, and today is aids
(anon): you?
Landon010: ehh
Landon010: did t or d on discord...dug a 3 foot hole bc of it... and dreaded sunday bc i couldnt be on
(anon): dang
Landon010: yea
Landon010: hows school
(anon): hell
Landon010: god i sound like a dad
(anon): i feel so stupid
Landon010: why
(anon): no you dont, your fine lol
(anon): half this shit i dont even know
(anon): its meant to be like that but still 
(anon): i feel sped
Landon010: no
Landon010: ur not
Landon010: your one the smartest person on here ngl
(anon): not really
Landon010: -_-
(anon): they're just horny- they're smart it just doesnt show in t or d?
Landon010: take my word u r smart
(anon): how would you know tho..?
Landon010: i just know
(anon): mhm..
Landon010: what????
(anon): im so sped you dont even know T.T
Landon010: no no no
Landon010: dont be crying
(anon): i dont cry sir..
Landon010: we all strugle in diffrent parts of life... sepically in math+bio
(anon): i havent cried in about 3 years 
(anon): perhaps more
Landon010: thats good right?
(anon): i fucking hate math
Landon010: SAME
(anon): algebra is ass 
Landon010: what grade r u in, in home
(anon): 8th
(anon): wdym in home?
Landon010: we now learning algebra
Landon010: ur homeschool right
(anon): also its not good..it feels like my emotions have been stripped away
(anon): yea im homeschooled 
Landon010: oh
Landon010: dang thats sad
Landon010: how old are u then?
(anon): i learned algebra 6th grade..your only learning it now?
Landon010: yea
(anon): damn
Landon010: we learned multiplacation in 6
Landon010: we retard
(anon): oh i learned multiplication in 3rd
Landon010: how old r u tho? does age affect your homeschool grade?
(anon): no age doesnt, its just what grade your in
Landon010: oh ok
(anon): its like public school its just all online
(anon): all online and zoom meetings
Landon010: what do u do all day other than this? 
(anon): what about trigonometry? have you learned that shit?
Landon010: and snow, grass
Landon010: no
Landon010: not yet
(anon): you lucky ass 
Landon010: idk if we even will learn it
(anon): also i play video games with my friend
Landon010: what games?
(anon): i learned trigonometry in 6th grade too..
(anon): splitgate, rocket league, fortnite, roblox, just die already, riders republic, we play a lot of gay shit 
Landon010: im thinking that when im able to get hella money ima go visit all of yall (pco friends) in person
Landon010: i play ark
Landon010: cod ww2
Landon010: warthunder
(anon): oo same
Landon010: same?
(anon): cod
Landon010: ww2/
Landon010: ?*
(anon): mhm im pretty sure i have it on my ps4
Landon010: same!
Landon010: i play every saturday bc thats when i go to my moms
(anon): what about bo?
Landon010: i play every saturday bc thats when i go to my moms
(anon): oh nice!
Landon010: yea
Landon010: we can play 2gether
Landon010: im Mastacheeks420 :)
(anon): ill have to see if i still have access to that account
Landon010: ok
Landon010: look i have 2 go...dont beat up urself so much...your good at what you do and fuck generic... we all struggle in diffrent parts of life so dont feel down all the time. ur fun to hang with and thats all u need
(anon): why fuck generic?
Landon010: bc fuck him 4 that account shit
(anon): its ok
(anon): i dont care, its my fault ig
(anon): anyway have a great day:]
Landon010: but your one main reason why i return....no its not yourfault
Landon010: nvm i got 4 mins
(anon): im the reason?
Landon010: thats a cliffhanger
Landon010: oh uhh yea
(anon): why, may I ask?
(anon): i think of myself as a pretty shitty person
(anon): i wouldnt think i would be the reason
Landon010: well i dont think i could fit it all in 3 mins
Landon010: the reasons
(anon): damn cliffhanger?
Landon010: one is just your down 2 earth in a good way...your fun... i have to contionue this tommrow ngl its too long to list
Landon010: oh that cliffhanger was bc of me saying i gtg but didnt leave
(anon): lmao also oki
Communism: too many german rooms
(anon): ooo nazis?
Landon010: true
Landon010: but anyways see you later...what should i call you ima?
(anon): whatever you would want, i really dont mind
Landon010: name?
(anon): hm
(anon): ima priv message you
(anon): i dont usally tell people hold on
Landon010: i hope we can survive till tomorrow ;)
Landon010: but ok
(anon): there you go
Landon010: ttyl ;)
(anon): i dont tell people, so dont say it often lol
(anon): ttyl :)
Soup50: balls
(anon): ello soup
Soup50: helo
(anon): how do you be on this shitty afternoon?
Soup50: shitty
(anon): why?
Soup50: it's raining and I fucked up my new shoes
(anon): god dammit
(anon): what soes are they?
(anon): shoes*
Soup50: doc marten plats
Soup50: I tried to run and the sole separated
(anon): your poor soul
(anon): i fuckin love doc martens 
Soup50: they were my first pair and I fucked them up just like that
(anon): thats sad:')
(anon): i just watched someone crease the hell out of their jordans
(anon): just to fucking reach sum on the bottom shelf
Soup50: that's why I don't wear leather shoes
(anon): im gonna fucking drop kick her
Soup50: I love suede and knit sneakers
Soup50: the form to my feet and I can do what I want with them without worrying about creasing them or fucking them up too bad
Soup50: they*
(anon): oh nice
(anon): i wear converse, doc martens, and occasionally platforms- i want jordans but cant afford them shits 
Soup50: jordans aren't worth it tbh
(anon): trust me i know- just matches my one side of my style
Soup50: you'll get them and forget they're leather and crease them within a week which is what I did with my last pair
(anon): god damn
(anon): i know how to fix creases tho i dont see it as a problem, i fixed about 4 pairs
Soup50: the 5's and 6's are hard tho
(anon): true true
Soup50: they're the shitty tough leather that cracks if the weather isn't right
(anon): damn
(anon): see i wanted this one pair a while back but im a I think 5.5-6 in mens and it's hard finding a pair that size that hasn't sky rocketed in price
Soup50: damn
(anon): i remember someone wnted like 700 hundred for them
(anon): i passed T.T
Soup50: I tried to get a pair of tokyo 4's that someone was lowballing for like 400 but someone else got them right as I was checking out
Soup50: 5's*
(anon): damn
Soup50: now I just saw a pair going for almost 8k
(anon): oh hell no
Soup50: tbh for 400 they were probably fake
(anon): that would pay my rent for 27 months
(anon): holy hell
Soup50: but they looked pretty real
Soup50: if they were fake they were really good fakes
(anon): im friends with a fucking shit ton of sneaker heads, and some who even work/used to work at stock x so its kinda nice knowing the ones i buy aren't fakes
(anon): i aint tryna spend 600 on fake shit
Soup50: a lot of shoes that people get from stock x has been fake and they just overlook them
Soup50: mostly the yeexy 250's and shit like that because you can buy the regular shoes without the lettering on them for like 50
Soup50: yeezy*
(anon): damn
Soup50: I bought a pair from wish and they were identical to the real ones just without the lettering
(anon): i was never big on yeezy's
Soup50: they're too slippery tbh
(anon): damn
Soup50: I tried playing basketball in them and I was sliding everywhere
(anon): im too short for basketball and it makes me sad
Soup50: how tall are u?
(anon): 5'0. 
Soup50: oh
(anon): yeah
Soup50: what's ur vertical?
(anon): i dont know- id have to measure it again
Soup50: well muggsy bogues was like 5'2" or 5'3"
(anon): 1 foot, five inches at least, i can only jump so high before i smack my roof
Soup50: fair
Soup50: that's still not a bad vert
Captain11: ello
Soup50: helo my favorate canadian
Soup50: favorite*
Captain11: not funny soup
Soup50: it wasn't supposed to be
(anon): possibly higher but id have to go outside when its not snowing
Soup50: A lot of canadian people piss me off captain
Soup50: you're one of the few that I can stand
Captain11: cool
Captain11: ima go cya
Soup50: bye
Soup50: where u at for it to be snowing?
(anon): Im up northeast 
Soup50: northeast like maine or northeast like connecticut?
(anon): im about 4 hours away from Connecticut 
(anon): so id say more like northeast connecticut 
Generic: ayo anyone on?
Soup50: si
Generic: i am a torn man rn
Soup50: same
Generic: i aint rly feelin it with my girl no more, and theres another girl that i think is interested in me and i think i might be too.
Generic: but i feel stuck in my current relationship
Soup50: I can't say I've felt that I've never been in a relationship that lasted long
Soup50: I've been on tinder the last few months
Generic: wut do u consider long?
Soup50: at least a month
Generic: oh ight
Soup50: yeah
Soup50: I'm not really good with emotions so that's usually the reason
Generic: this one has been like 2-3 at this point. idek y i got into it in the first place. she told me she liked me and i had just broken up with my ex, and i just needed somebody to fill that gap and there she was, and i thought i liked her but the initial bliss seems to be fading now.
Soup50: I hear that
Soup50: it's hard being alone after having someone to talk to 
Generic: but i dont wanna leave bc i dont want that gap to be empty again, plus shes the type to be absolutely devestated if i left.
Soup50: theres 2 girls that I like and I think one of them kinda knows but I want to actually do something instead of being a pussy about it
Generic: ive started taking the fact that we only live one life that we know of, so might as well take shots while we're here.'
Soup50: same here
Kitsune_izzy: My fucking pubes itch
Soup50: I don't wanna wait too long and miss my chance either but I'm just another broke piece of shit with no job or car
Generic: im still in high school so im lucky for now.
Soup50: I am too but I haven't had a girl since middle school
Soup50: she was a weirdo
Generic: ah forgor ur a senior
Kitsune_izzy: I am in low school
Kitsune_izzy: Retard school
Soup50: oh
Generic: well the serious discussion seems to be over now that izzy is here. plus i gtg anyway
(anon): Send nudes
Generic: so peace.
Kitsune_izzy: I killed it again
Kitsune_izzy: I kill everyone
(anon): Send nudes
Kitsune_izzy: Sebastian I swear to god 
(anon): ?
(anon): Send nudes
Kitsune_izzy: I'm not doing it again so you can screw off
(anon): ??
Kitsune_izzy: Yes
(anon): Send nubes
(anon): I just wanna see titty
Kitsune_izzy: I have small titty
Mxangel: Oop
Kitsune_izzy: So no.
(anon): Ok send nudes
Soup50: they can't be smaller than mine
Mxangel: Anon, were you even listening??
Koda: so anyways.
Kitsune_izzy: I raped my cousin and then tried to run over my own mother with my boyfriend’s car
Koda: two pedophiles in chat at once
Soup50: why
Koda: jesus christ they're taking over
(anon): Cool send nudes?
Kitsune_izzy: No
Koda: it's getting wacky
Koda: crazy
Koda: wild
Daezmin: Hellooo 
Koda: shut up
Daezmin: Hello
Kitsune_izzy: Deez
Soup50: dietz nuts
Koda: cake farts moment
Kitsune_izzy: ??eez nuts
Koda: 2 girls 1 my mouth
Soup50: 1 guy 1 jar
Kitsune_izzy: 1 big pp
Koda: 1 guy 1 other guy
Koda: thats my fav one.
Kitsune_izzy: Gay marriage 
Soup50: izzy u never answered my question from the past 2 days
(anon): 1 dude wants nudes
Koda: "do it squirt?"
Kitsune_izzy: Which is?
Soup50: I asked u if u had discord
Catgirlwithtea: some guy want nudes???
Koda: ooooh he tryna get that cooter
Soup50: I think we all do
Koda: nah im good without nudes.
Kitsune_izzy: I do but I don't use it
Soup50: no koda
Kitsune_izzy: At all
Soup50: oh
Catgirlwithtea: lol
Soup50: landon made a discord server
Koda: cap we know ur tryna get that kim kardashian and ray j action
(anon): Nudes
Kitsune_izzy: Nude titties
Kitsune_izzy: In my phone
Kitsune_izzy: For life
(anon): Send
Catgirlwithtea: @izzy you wanna join?
Koda: back 3 months ago when mfs would come in say *shits myself* then post a pic of a 5 year old naked
Kitsune_izzy: I wanna die
Koda: same
Officergawkgawk: wtf
Catgirlwithtea: HEY
Kitsune_izzy: Despacito
Soup50: sebastian sounds like a west coast name
Kitsune_izzy: Yes
Koda: sounds like a gay name
Koda: like josh
Catgirlwithtea: lmao
Koda: josh is a gay name.
Koda: or like..
Soup50: west coast e-boy discord user
Catgirlwithtea: josh is not a gay name wtf
Soup50: yes it is
Koda: yes ut us :|
Koda: josh is gay asf
Koda: it is*
Soup50: its not as bad as carter tho
Koda: just like fuckin..
(anon): Send titties
Koda: devin.
Catgirlwithtea: bruh
Officergawkgawk: this website went to shit these past few years huh
Koda: devin is kinda gay
Catgirlwithtea: carter name is really gay
Soup50: yeah
Catgirlwithtea: @Officer yea it did
Kitsune_izzy: Deez is gay
Soup50: or eric with a k
Koda: max isnt a game name it just like
Koda: if you say max all i imagine is some short fat kid with freckles
Catgirlwithtea: @Officer espeically when Childrapist/Jesus69 was alive.
Kitsune_izzy: Maximilian
Soup50: if u like being called maxwell instead of max ur gay
Koda: gay
Catgirlwithtea: gay
Catgirlwithtea: lmao
Kitsune_izzy: ??????
Catgirlwithtea: XDD
Officergawkgawk: @catgirlwithtea wtf
Catgirlwithtea: @Officer if ya wanna know, whisper chat me
Koda: theres like 8 active pedophiles that still talk in here.
Kitsune_izzy: Child rape
Soup50: which are?
Catgirlwithtea: bro
Catgirlwithtea: who?
Koda: izzy, mxangle, canadian still talks in chat
Koda: angel*
Koda: dom isnt a pedo but
Soup50: canadian meaning captain or canadian bacon?
Koda: that mf weird as hell
Koda: canadian bacon
Soup50: oh
Catgirlwithtea: canadian hasnt even logged in
Koda: captain is weird asf too
Soup50: I don't see him talk much in here
Koda: hes literally on right now
Koda: in a server..
Koda: but ok.
Soup50: yeah
Catgirlwithtea: yeah
Catgirlwithtea: in a server
Catgirlwithtea: dumbass aint here right?
Kitsune_izzy: In a pp
Soup50: he's always in a game to escape this hell
Koda: no but what does him not being here RIGHT NOW have to do with anything lol
Koda: jannn is a pedo too.
Soup50: I kinda figured anyone who donated is probably a pedo
Koda: yep.
Kitsune_izzy: My grandpa is a pedo too
Koda: thats probably about it
Soup50: my dad is a pedo
Koda: i think thats it.
Koda: of people still active)
Kitsune_izzy: Jimmy is still active
Soup50: generic's on the line because he has his horny moments
Koda: yeah he
Koda: is fucking weird but
Kitsune_izzy: Horno moment 
Koda: he isn't a pedophile
Soup50: yeah
Koda: i mean
Kitsune_izzy: Or is he? Plot twist 
Koda: jesus69 asked to see a dudes ass
Soup50: but he's on a thick line
Koda: and mxangel watched lili shower a ton
Koda: so
Catgirlwithtea: koda, can we not talk about childrapist/jesus 
Koda: i don't think he can do a lot worse.
Soup50: consented
Soup50: ?
Kitsune_izzy: Shower sex
Koda: im literally the one who found out he was a pedo :|
Catgirlwithtea: she*
Koda: and yes she consented but like
Koda: lili is 14
Koda: angel is like
Koda: 18
Soup50: O H
Catgirlwithtea: she doesnt look 18?
Koda: yeah.
Koda: still 18
Catgirlwithtea: no
Catgirlwithtea: she does not look that old
Koda: she claims to be 18 and sent a pic of her ID to rin
Catgirlwithtea: at least a teen like the rest of us
Koda: and rin showed me
Soup50: everyone that I know that's 18 doesn't look 18
Catgirlwithtea: ^^
Koda: why would someone pretend to be 18 and then be a pedo
Koda: :|
Soup50: they look no older than 14
Catgirlwithtea: omg
Kitsune_izzy: I look 7
Catgirlwithtea: pft
Soup50: cap
Catgirlwithtea: izzy XD
Koda: and thennnnn
Kitsune_izzy: I am legally loli
Koda: canadian came in chat
Koda: talking about how
Soup50: cap
Koda: fucking kids is okay and shit
Kitsune_izzy: Very true
Koda: and that there is nothing wrong with fucking kids
Kitsune_izzy: 100% good
Catgirlwithtea: when?
Catgirlwithtea: when did that happened?
Catgirlwithtea: happen*
Koda: idfk
Soup50: I think if they're about to turn 16 within a week then I'm good. I have a 2 year cutoff which I still think I should make at least 17
Catgirlwithtea: then how the fuck can you know
Koda: why are u questioning everything?
Koda: like god damn
Koda: multiple people saw it
Koda: and multiple people know he was a pedo
Catgirlwithtea: knew*
Koda: the fuck are u questioning???
Kitsune_izzy: Deez
Soup50: what's deez?
Officergawkgawk: Yo
Kitsune_izzy: Deez nut
Soup50: NOOOOOO
Kitsune_izzy: ??
Catgirlwithtea: him and childrapist/jesus are the least probable to come back
Koda: yep
Catgirlwithtea: and chat here
Koda: right now its just
Koda: izzy and mxangel
Officergawkgawk: has anyone seen a Hawtmod, Hazelnut, Pervpurple, or Queerasfok around?
Kitsune_izzy: No
Catgirlwithtea: how can girls be pedos?
Koda: are you retarted?
Koda: or was that a joke?
Officergawkgawk: the same way guys can
Kitsune_izzy: Are you mental
Koda: fr.
Officergawkgawk: tf
Koda: wtf kind of question was that
Koda: LMAO
Soup50: they force themselves on guys and play the victim
Koda: dumbass lmaoooooooo
Catgirlwithtea: explain, because i cant see news talking about girls being pedophiles
Catgirlwithtea: never*
Catgirlwithtea: online or IRL
Catgirlwithtea: it never happens
Koda: you can't see a 20 year old girl forcing a 12 year old to have sex with her?
Catgirlwithtea: no
Soup50: yes
Catgirlwithtea: ive never seen that
Koda: just because you dont see it happen doesnt mean it doesnt happen
Koda: are you dumb as hell?
Soup50: it happened in F is for family
Koda: sorry forgot you watched the news for every city in the world
Koda: my fault, my fault.
Catgirlwithtea: how about you go fuck your crybaby bitch of a girlfriend
Lee44: how about we keep this argument friendly?
Officergawkgawk: 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-10304919/Female-paedophile-62-sexually-abused-seven-year-old-boy-webcam-loaned-pervert.html
SHOW IMAGE
Koda: yikes she changed it from "girls cant be pedophiles" to trying to roast
Soup50: don't get snappy everyone just calm down
Koda: thats tough
Koda: 11 year olds stay down bad
Kitsune_izzy: 69
Soup50: deadass
Koda: whats next? girls cant rape?
Mommymilkers42069: oop
Officergawkgawk: This site is dumb af man
Koda: LOL OFFICER POSTED A MAIL THING
Koda: LMAOAOAOAOAOOOOOOo
Koda: W man
Koda: dumbass fr said women can't be pedos x-x
Soup50: can we continue this somewhere else like discord I don't want my school blocking this because of this conversation
Officergawkgawk: lmao
Koda: then get ur own PC bozo
Officergawkgawk: get back to bio lol
Koda: lmao
Soup50: I don't have money
Officergawkgawk: crazy
Officergawkgawk: get a job
Koda: then go work at taco bell them mfs always hiring
Soup50: it's definitely appropriate for a hispanic to work at taco bell
Soup50: or a lardass to work at mcdonalds
Kitsune_izzy: Taco Tuesday 
Koda: nah most people i see at taco bell are african american
Koda: the mexicans always be at places like fuckin burger king
Soup50: where tf u live where black people work at taco bell
Soup50: fair
Kitsune_izzy: Burgir
Soup50: borgir
Koda: vancouver.
Koda: so.
Soup50: oh
Koda: lmaoooo
Kitsune_izzy: Vancumver
Koda: yikes 
Neko_yeetus: boo
Koda: person came in
Koda: question pedophilia
Officergawkgawk: ew vancouver
Koda: said women cant be pedophiles
Koda: got clowned
Koda: then left
Officergawkgawk: nasty canadians 
Soup50: better than winnipeg
Koda: what did canadians do??? lmao
Officergawkgawk: exist
Officergawkgawk: i want their land
Koda: yeah yeah, we burned the white house
Koda: get over it
Soup50: imagine living in winnipeg or regina
Officergawkgawk: canadians are the reason we live in the CUM zone
Officergawkgawk: Canada
Koda: i wasnt even born in canada lmao
Officergawkgawk: United States
Officergawkgawk: Mexico
Captain11: Ello
Soup50: helo
Kitsune_izzy: As a Canadian I am gay
Koda: canada was first tho.
Officergawkgawk: exaclty
Officergawkgawk: thus they must be the first to go
Koda: america made it the cum zone
Koda: them mfs down there gau
Koda: gay*
Captain11: True
Soup50: russia had what's canada today before the french
Officergawkgawk: yeah canada was born after usa
Kitsune_izzy: ????
Officergawkgawk: probably
Koda: the first american president was british :|
Officergawkgawk: idk
Soup50: they kept what alaska is now
Officergawkgawk: history is for nerds
Captain11: America was originally part of Canada
Soup50: history is actually a decent subject
Neko_yeetus: my computer died as soon as i logged on
Soup50: L
Captain11: Or what would become canada
Captain11: hi Yeet
Neko_yeetus: hey
Soup50: spain had a large part of the US
Officergawkgawk: and now look at those countries
Officergawkgawk: spain is spanish
Officergawkgawk: canada is french
Officergawkgawk: a shame
Koda: america is british.
Officergawkgawk: exactly
Soup50: spain colonized a large part of the west side of the US
Neko_yeetus: imma kms
Koda: thats even worse.
Captain11: Canada is English we just took some French people with us
Soup50: wait that was the french
Officergawkgawk: end of the day
Koda: at the end of the day
Officergawkgawk: i think we can all agree
Koda: you guys have california and alabama
Koda: and we dont
Officergawkgawk: to burn chinese people alive 
Captain11: No
Koda: facts
Officergawkgawk: @Koda you have quebec
Soup50: is it true that canadians don't claim quebec?
Koda: yeah its like
Koda: how americans feel about florida and california sometimes
Koda: its like
Captain11: its queefbec
Officergawkgawk: florida funny
Soup50: I like florida tho
Officergawkgawk: cali is retarded
Koda: "ehhhhhh..they're..their own thing"
Officergawkgawk: just cali
Generic: im black
Officergawkgawk: i hope they succeed
Generic: oops i mena back
Koda: arkansas
Officergawkgawk: so we can go to war
Captain11: Quebec tried to leave and couldn’t
Soup50: how did we go from relationships to pedos to countries so quick
Officergawkgawk: lmao
Officergawkgawk: french people cant do shit correctly
Generic: i was only here for the relationship part
Neko_yeetus: k bye
Koda: half of the american states left the country after slavery ended for a while
Koda: so..
Captain11: Bye yeet
Koda: i don't think you can talk about "leaving" lmao
Soup50: france invoked a no return policy on quebec
Officergawkgawk: i dont think you understand how american history works
Koda: if you GO to quebec it's really not that bad
Koda: quebec is kinda likeeeee
Koda: hm..
Officergawkgawk: Koda lives in quebec confirmed
Officergawkgawk: ew
Generic: quebec doesnt even exist
Officergawkgawk: frenchtard
Soup50: a better florida?
Koda: the san francisco of california
Catgirlwithtea: aahah sorry, mommy, i gtg
Koda: already said that im from vancouver but ok
Officergawkgawk: man
Catgirlwithtea: Tchau!
Soup50: bye
Officergawkgawk: my day is ruined now
Officergawkgawk: after seeing fucking mommy
Generic: i figured she was gon break my heart regardless
Officergawkgawk: ima go punt some orphans 
Koda: lol
Soup50: can I come?
Generic: so i took her out and dumped her in the garbage
Generic: the stupid bitch then turned herself into a target
Neko_yeetus: i got bored im back
Koda: ima go back to
Generic: jus for talkin
Generic: nonsense
Koda: twitch and beat my meat to
Generic: claimin she was leavin
Soup50: gen if ur feeling down I made a remix
Generic: not gon happen
Koda: random hot tub thots
Generic: if i cant have u no one can
Captain11: Wb yeet 
Generic: cuz if u leave im not breathin
Generic: ill show u how it feels to not breathe
Neko_yeetus: ty ty
Koda: everyone shutup, if he spams enough lyrics he may get muted
Generic: nah
Koda: lmaooooooooooo
Generic: i gotta spam hella fast to get banned
Generic: also im good soup this song is jus a bop x-x
Neko_yeetus: cap i miss everyone
Generic: but i need to hear that remix now
Soup50: bet
Koda: yall should make out
Generic: that would be hot
Koda: fr
Koda: squirtin and fartin, squirtin and fartin
Soup50: 
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/866070686937120781/939779797062660096/e84beb5c-5613-90fa-9860-2a4c8a5a6288.192.mp3
SHOW IMAGE
Soup50: I made an updated version so hold on
Generic: ight
Generic: were u the one who did them bandlab songs x-x
Mommymilkers42069: hi geb
Generic: ello mother
Mommymilkers42069: hru
Koda: omg generic u should have been there
Generic: the usual 
Koda: i was talking about all the pedophiles i found
Mommymilkers42069: ah
Koda: and some mf said women cant be pedophiles
Generic: well i never closed the tab
Generic: so if i wanted to read it i could jus scroll up
Koda: i almost came and sharted
Mommymilkers42069: btw did you read those cards koda
Koda: oh
Koda: what cards
Cupoftea: IMA! HII
Koda: oh
Mommymilkers42069: the ones about the pedo
Cupoftea: It's about fucking time
Koda: yeah i read them
Koda: RESPECTFULLY
Mommymilkers42069: and? what do you think
Koda: idk nobody likes jannn anyway
Koda: and all he did was make jokes about sucking ur titty so
Koda: it's not like he did some horrible fuck shit.
Mommymilkers42069: i asked to stop
Koda: i know but like
Generic: u seem to be very picky abt who u think is a pedo x-x
Koda: whats the point of caring NOW?
Koda: you're already over it and nobody likes jannn anyway
Mommymilkers42069: i agree with geb
Cupoftea: @Generic yup. Your twin certainly is
Koda: if i was picky i wouldnt have told everyone my GIRLFRIEND was a pedo
Generic: well u woulda been spiteful
Mommymilkers42069: am i already over being assaulted by a girl? no am i over pedophiles? no
Mommymilkers42069: so
Generic: so tbh it gives u more reason to call her out
Cupoftea: Mommy, you alright?
Neko_yeetus: my 69 missing assignments has increased to 84
Koda: yeah but it's not like
Generic: damn imagine getting cheated on with a 14 yr old x-x
Generic: THAS TUFF MY BOY
Koda: i've said "eh" to multiple pedophiles
Mommymilkers42069: LMAO
Koda: this is the only one that


Koda: idrc about 
Koda: honestly i just like
Mommymilkers42069: koda why are you picky about people 
Koda: dont care about this place anymore lol
Koda: its fucked, its gonna stay fucked
Koda: so fuck it idrc.
Mommymilkers42069: so are you
Cupoftea: @Mommy he just is
Koda: everyone else is picky too????
Generic: cum
Koda: mxangel watched lili SHOWER
Cupoftea: No, you and your twin are worse
Koda: and all their friends were just
Koda: fine with it
Koda: after like 1 week
Generic: yes and we acknowledged that was wrong?
Generic: well some of us did.
Soup50: I have the new version
Koda: izzy is literally still accepted in chat before i came back
Mommymilkers42069: it was lilis problem and her decision 
Koda: blue said she "made peace" with izzy
Generic: well true.
Cupoftea: Yea she did
Soup50: 
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/866070686937120781/940376127216713758/Photodrill.mp3
SHOW IMAGE
Mommymilkers42069: she wanted people to watch her so
Cupoftea: She got what she wanted
Koda: so i think you guys need to call everyone ELSE out on being picky before the guy who found OUT who like 4 pedophiles were
Koda: like god damn
Soup50: izzy just seems misunderstood from what I've seen
Cupoftea: ^
Koda: this isnt my fucking JOB
Mommymilkers42069: well quit acting like it is
Soup50: she has her problems like everyone else does
Cupoftea: ^^
Koda: misunderstood??? lmaooo
Koda: she had like 6 accounts
Koda: all with different ages and locations
Koda: THATS NOT AN OKAY THINGGGGGGGGGG
Generic: izzy def has mental issues
Soup50: so she wants attention
Generic: no offense but like goddamn x-x
Koda: thats not an excuse tho
Koda: im just waiting for jannn to do some pedo shit and be like
Koda: "i was drunk and i have horrible mental issues"
Generic: me and soup were having a decently serious convo and izzy decides to say "My pubes itch"
Kitsune_izzy: Koda I'm doing my fucking best
Generic: like x-x
Generic: tf?
Soup50: I haven't seen him say any pedo shit but he has a cool star next to his name so
Koda: you said that before making 6 accounts lol
Kitsune_izzy: I'm being less bad
Mommymilkers42069: he has soup
Koda: people in jail are being less bad too
Captain11: hi Izzy
Cupoftea: Yaya IZZY HERE
Kitsune_izzy: I ditched the accounts
Generic: gday cap
Cupoftea: :3
Kitsune_izzy: It's just me now
Koda: because i called u out on them
Captain11: Gen
Koda: :|
Koda: or you'd still be doing them today
Mommymilkers42069: he was saying he was sucking milk from my tits when i asked like2-3 times
Neko_yeetus: hi izzy..
Generic: u know wuts brazy
Soup50: ew
Generic: everytime koda comes back we all seem to argue.
Kitsune_izzy: Ok time to go bye
Neko_yeetus: ofc
Neko_yeetus: nvm ill leave
Koda: i didnt even start the argument???
Generic: ik but like.
Thegoosegohonk_honk_retard: HONK HONK
Cupoftea: Yes generic, your twin always does
Generic: ppl jus seem to get irritated by ur presence, OR u start it.
Koda: i didnt even do anything lmaooo
Cupoftea: Uh huh, keep telling yourself that
Thegoosegohonk_honk_retard: JUSTIN TRUDEAU AKA FIDEL CASTRO JR
Generic: ah yes tea, ur mad funny calling him my twin every sentence x-x
Generic: XD
Generic: LOL
Generic: ROFL
Cupoftea: -_-
Koda: HAHA FUNNY
Koda: LOL LMAO
Cupoftea: It's the truth
Koda: RAWR XD
Koda: HILARIOUS
Generic: ok but its not.
Soup50: where's the mooserapist I feel bad for saying he was built like a mouthwash bottle
Koda: IM CRYING
Cupoftea: Fake laugh all you want, it's funny to me and thats all. 
Themooserapist: It's okay young one.
Koda: someone has shit humor
Koda: amy schumer comedy ass
Cupoftea: I agree Koda
Cupoftea: You do
Cupoftea: So much
Koda: i can promise you more people have laughed at my jokes than yours
Cupoftea: Also, @Mommy, idk yet
Cupoftea: I have to sit in a car soon, so maybe then 
Koda: i feel like im missing someone
Koda: someone else was a pedo
Generic: com?
Koda: who?
Cupoftea: Fuck that gy
Koda: oh no i already told them about him
Cupoftea: Guy*
Generic: oh
Koda: he's canadian_bacon101
Koda: he's actually in a server right now.
Generic: me? i mean uh *ahem*. yea idk
Koda: nah
Soup50: I was just about to apologize to themooserapist and he went offline
Cupoftea: Lol
Koda: you scared him
Generic: nah it was me. 
Koda: hurry transform into a moose
Soup50: he said it was okay but I don't think it was okay
Soup50: oh
Cupoftea: Yea
Themooserapist: Apologize before I rape you.
Cupoftea: Hueueh
Neko_yeetus: may i ask all of you a question, since i know none of you and the answer will be unbiased
Cupoftea: Yes
Koda: no
Generic: sure.
Neko_yeetus: should i leave and never come back?
Generic: that is very generalized
Cupoftea: If you're like all the rest, yes
Koda: by the way
Generic: leave where?
Kitsune_izzy: No
Koda: if you werent a dumbass
Koda: Ignored Generic and their alts. Ignored Themooserapist and their alts. Unignored 2 players and 1 IPs.
(anon): no
Koda: :|
Cupoftea: Yeah I knew that
Generic: oH reALLy kOdA?
Neko_yeetus: life
Koda: yEa
Generic: wE DiDnT knOW?
Kitsune_izzy: Actually
Koda: some people be stupid as hell
Generic: i miss moose tho.
Generic: he hasnt returned to that acct in a bit
Kitsune_izzy: Yes you should because this place is bad
Generic: always makes new personas
Koda: like when you turned into a girl and fucked depresseddom52?
Cupoftea: @Yeetus if you really feel suicidal, sure go for it. 
Generic: um neko, u should not leave life.
Generic: not a very good idea.
Generic: also wtf is wrong with yall?
Kitsune_izzy: Tea
Kitsune_izzy: What the fuck?
Neko_yeetus: wait id deppresseddom still on here? lmao
Koda: 100% of the suicidal shit on here has been fake
Neko_yeetus: but got it
Koda: just saying.
Mommymilkers42069: i got yelled at because there is snow outside and to shut the ivingroom from then. well my stepmom is pouting because she cant find her movie
Generic: not rly koda.
Cupoftea: What? I'm not gonna try to motivate someone who clearly wants to 
Neko_yeetus: wont kill myself today
Cupoftea: Lying or not
Kitsune_izzy: Friendship ended with Tea.
Koda: lmao
Cupoftea: It's their choice. What is my interjection gonna do for them?
Koda: its their cock.
Cupoftea: If it's either suggestion 
Generic: fair but dont tell them to "go for it"
Cupoftea: -_-
Cupoftea: To each its own
Koda: why be suicidal on an online game where pedos and weird mfs chill out
Koda: like
Koda: go do that shit in real life and get real help :|
Cupoftea: Pfft
Generic: idk some ppl dont have any irl friends and they need somewhere to vent.
Soup50: inject shark testosterone directly into my testicles
Cupoftea: Tryna be helpful for once
Koda: there are websites SPECIFICALLY for suicidal thoughs
Cupoftea: Hotmines
Koda: and people who make money SPECIFICALLY to help you.
Cupoftea: Iines*
Neko_yeetus: didnt mean to start an argument sorry
Koda: ok bye then
Kitsune_izzy: Ok nervous breakdown time
Kitsune_izzy: Back soon 
Koda: ok cock and ball torture time
Cupoftea: Bye izzy
Koda: generic lay down
Generic: im good.
Koda: rude
Generic: can say the same to u my friend.
Koda: yep
Koda: people gotta start realizing that
Cupoftea: What?
Koda: i don't give a fuck that some random furry erp people online hate me
Cupoftea: Ok, then why u here
Cupoftea: If you dont
Soup50: koda therapists suck and usually make the problem worse by bringing up your problems
Koda: cause seeing people hate me is pretty fun lol
Cupoftea: Eh,
Cupoftea: I can see the appeal from your stanc
Koda: i mean fr
Koda: some dumbass came in
Kitsune_izzy: Koda is not a nice person
Koda: and said women cant be pedophiles
Koda: and argued with ME about it
Koda: that WOMEN CANT BE PEDOPHILES
Kitsune_izzy: But neither is Jimmy

Tab1:

58,284
Gamerzrayus

  JanmoTV

Depresseddom52: blocked
Depresseddom52: something about proxy security
Depresseddom52: anything else Blue?
Blue_cagirl: simplicitytracker.org
Depresseddom52: error 525
Blue_cagirl: damn
Blue_cagirl: 
https://simplewallpaper.cf/
SHOW IMAGE
Depresseddom52: works
Depresseddom52: for now....
Blue_cagirl: I got a hyper tab and I could get three more
Depresseddom52: ight have those on standby
Blue_cagirl: Will do bro
Depresseddom52: do any of the ones you have actually support the hub
Koda: titties
(anon): Rape 
Thebobcatrapist: So I no longer rape moose 
Thebobcatrapist: They are growing difficult to find. Now I rape bobcats 
Thebobcatrapist: More of those around and easier to catch 
Thebobcatrapist: Dead
Thebobcatrapist: Faggots and butts and dicks


