Kowalskiralski joined.
Oofalladeez343 won the round!
Boohoo: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1042111807847927808/1044271376019755139/68B517b781fc31ca24acc7516b614aeb69f8799dcdc4745fcd2bee302737a4ca_online-video-cutter.com.mp4
Randomplayer: uh
Randomplayer: nah fam
Randomplayer: ima not click
Oofalladeez343: it's good
Oofalladeez343: nothin bad
Randomplayer: :|
Oofalladeez343: it seems like it
Oofalladeez343: at first
Kowalskiralski: Lol
Oofalladeez343: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/729718352225894451/740217484149260338/video0.mp4
#1 Rando Bot won the round!
Oofalladeez343: XD
Kowalskiralski: I typed "best president history world
" in baidu.com and all first results said Franklin Roosevelt
Kowalskiralski: chinese
Randomplayer: you guys seem like
Randomplayer: your on crack
Randomplayer: like
Randomplayer: 70%
Randomplayer: of the time
Randomplayer: and im like
Randomplayer: slowly being pulled in
Boohoo: well atleast I tried smoking cocaine
Randomplayer: no
Oofalladeez343: Oh buddy, I'm jus ADHD
Kowalskiralski: and how does it felt
Boohoo: I don't like cocaine
Kowalskiralski: 1. George Washington

The first president in the history of the United States, the founding fathers. Command the U.S. Army to win the Revolutionary War, form the U.S. federal government, and after serving 2 terms, take the initiative to abdicate the throne and not participate in the 3rd election, creating a historical precedent!
Boohoo: I don't like telling all my business plans to strangers :D
Randomplayer: okay stop
Oofalladeez343: he owned slaves
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Randomplayer: with this man
Randomplayer: can we have a normal chat
Randomplayer: for his game
Oofalladeez343: althoguh he treated them with respect
Kowalskiralski: but he gave up his political power for the power of seperation
Oofalladeez343: ^
Kowalskiralski: also who doesnt support slaves or owned somehow UwU
Randomplayer: please
Randomplayer: e x i t
Kowalskiralski: where does your clothes came from
Randomplayer: don't
Oofalladeez343: chinese sweat shops
Randomplayer: say it
Kowalskiralski: George Washington was at least honest
Oofalladeez343: Really Abraham Lincoln could've been the best, if he wasn't murdered like a bitch
Randomplayer: at least we know who to keep away form highschools
Randomplayer: or anywhere
Boohoo: lol oof :D
Randomplayer: honestly
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Kowalskiralski: every president pre-20th century owned slaves for economic reasons lol
Kowalskiralski: its like owning Alexa back then
Randomplayer: well
Randomplayer: least people
Boohoo: only retards didn't own slaves back then
Randomplayer: know
Randomplayer: not to do this
Randomplayer: ever again
Oofalladeez343: well retards were put into asylums or exorcised
Randomplayer: because it's in humane
Kowalskiralski: but that plantage is huge you know
Randomplayer: stop
Randomplayer: please
Randomplayer: i want mah sanity
Kowalskiralski: now we have it easy but back then with no industry
Kowalskiralski: who wants to plant 100 square meters voluntary?
Randomplayer: boo
Oofalladeez343 won the round!
Randomplayer: tell him to stop
Boohoo: GOD, STOP
Kowalskiralski: Fun Fact: In 15th century, virtually no black person could read.
Randomplayer: oh
Randomplayer: well
Randomplayer: okay
Oofalladeez343: fun fact, my grandfather was too poor to join the KKK
Kowalskiralski: why
Boohoo: lol
Kowalskiralski: and abortion is murder but pssssssst
Oofalladeez343: the KKK didn't even want him
Hello91 joined.
Oofalladeez343: wb hello
Boohoo: atleast kill that baby with style
Hello91: oh hey
Kowalskiralski: 360 no-scope between her legs
Hello91: wassup nut man
Boohoo:  lol
Joebivn joined.
Boohoo won the round!
Kowalskiralski: oh hi Biden
Oofalladeez343: come on, the pope is LICKING A CHILD
Oofalladeez343: hey joe
Joebivn: morning all
Kowalskiralski: yes, and saliva can heal wounds faster
Kowalskiralski: Big Brain Pope
Kowalskiralski: BBPC
Oofalladeez343: that phoenix tears you muggle
Kowalskiralski: RE
Randomplayer: hey google where is the closest mental asylum
Kowalskiralski: Realizing no matter I do I will die alone, so I guess I better not let the inevitable wait
Oofalladeez343: bro
Oofalladeez343: who
Oofalladeez343: put
Oofalladeez343: ahsoka tano r34
Boohoo: I got a cut on my penis, can you please put some saliva on it?
Randomplayer: im leaving 
Randomplayer left.
Kowalskiralski: it depends onn my salvery
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Kowalskiralski: salary
Kowalskiralski: salad
Boohoo: tossing it?
Kowalskiralski: almost with ketchup
Boohoo: blood most likely
Boohoo won the round!
Boohoo: if you're really eating it
Kowalskiralski: https://files.catbox.moe/hnc5wg.mp4
Kowalskiralski: Do you rlly want a ... just ketchup-splitting day?
Hello91: Kowalski, Analysis
Oofalladeez343: You're goign to have a bad time
Jackass125 joined.
Joebivn logged out.
Oofalladeez343: hey jackass
Kowalskiralski: because I am a lazy plagiatist, I mma copy
Boohoo: heyoo
Kowalskiralski: You're goign to have a bad time
Oofalladeez343 won the round!
Boohoo: goign bad time
Kowalskiralski: and Oofalladeez343 says that mp4s gets deleted by catbox.moe
Oofalladeez343: they do
Kowalskiralski: yet this was my first mp4 past 2 years=
Kowalskiralski: ?
Hello91: eheeeeeeeeeeeeehehehehehehehehehheheheheheheheheheheehheeheheheheheheheheheheheheheeeeeheheheheheheheheeheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh
Oofalladeez343: this was from 1 year ago
Oofalladeez343: rvb s1e1
Oofalladeez343: https://files.catbox.moe/t0nzar.mp4
Oofalladeez343: is it going?
Oofalladeez343: or is it broken?
Kowalskiralski: broke
Oofalladeez343: thanks you
Oofalladeez343: thank you
Kowalskiralski: idk Sans dodged that iissue
Hello91: play your cards
Oofalladeez343: who the fuck said I am as old as time?
Oofalladeez343: XD
Oofalladeez343: just cause i make it into Halo vids doesn't mean I am old
Kowalskiralski: you said earlier that catbox.moe deletes things
Kowalskiralski: idk where you got that from yet Sans survived the fandom storm
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Hello91: alright i gtg
Boohoo: rip
Kowalskiralski: This was enough azala today
Kowalskiralski: Hello91? Heeellllloooo play or afk toggle self=
Hello91 left.
Kowalskiralski: oof
Oofalladeez343: Hello91.toggleSelf == true;
Kowalskiralski: you all deez nutz
Kowalskiralski: questionmark and equal symbol are neighbours
Jackass125 won the round!
Oofalladeez343: how did Chegg not get a vote
Kowalskiralski: its standard
Kowalskiralski: as Neutralleud asked "Are you 21 or something?"
#1 Rando Bot won the round!
Oofalladeez343: nope
Oofalladeez343: you would be surprised about my age
Kowalskiralski: ok
Kowalskiralski: I will
Kowalskiralski: also I mean that meme is overused what you just used
Oofalladeez343: chegg was overused? or just james may in general
Kowalskiralski: idk names but I often saw this face
Assmaster joined.
Assmaster: hi
Oofalladeez343: hi
Boohoo: hey
Boohoo won the round!
Kowalskiralski: yes Assmaster used that often with CHEESE and memes are similar pattern. Thx him
Boohoo: we have the total of 25 044 points
Assmaster: wat?
Oofalladeez343: nerd alert
Oofalladeez343: XD
Kowalskiralski: james explains something calmy, than scream. And it gets bored
Assmaster: wat? again
Kowalskiralski: dont act like that, assmaster. There was a phase where you just used James-stuff
Boohoo: dont try to bring sense into this game :D
Kowalskiralski: Its hard to not make it
Oofalladeez343: XD
Assmaster: idk what you are talking about
Oofalladeez343: Well you're not wrong kowalski
Kowalskiralski: do you ever saw this man?
Kowalskiralski: https://files.catbox.moe/8wlo90.mp4
Assmaster won the round!
Oofalladeez343: I did find tht in Assmaster's deck
Kowalskiralski: akward silence to Assmaster like Trump with his clasified documents and election losing because we got them
Oofalladeez343: there are so many players with numbers higher than mine
Kowalskiralski: same
Kowalskiralski: I just exist now
Oofalladeez343: but you apparently been here longer than me
Boohoo: but I'm the highest for sure
Oofalladeez343: and I have been here 5 years
Kowalskiralski: yes. My memories got uploaded
Kowalskiralski: 5 years thats shlong
Boohoo won the round!
Oofalladeez343: Since my 8th grade year
Cr7st4l joined.
Kowalskiralski: I am long enough to be here to know that Jackass125 is a bad host, Assmaster a hentai-fanatic and Oof a causal gamer and chatter
Assmaster: hi
Oofalladeez343: hey crystal
Assmaster won the round!
Kowalskiralski: in the background
Cr7st4l: heyyy
Boohoo: and long enough not to mention me :)
Kowalskiralski: like my p
Kowalskiralski: ?
Kowalskiralski: I guess I saw your name?
Kowalskiralski: yet idk
Boohoo: nah I dont remember you either
Oofalladeez343: but yeah Kowalski, you got me down right
Boohoo won the round!
Oofalladeez343: casual gamer and chatter, but I am also a shitposter
Oofalladeez343: Ass's new obsession though is nigger
Kowalskiralski: yeah I wonder why you talk more than usual. I guess so many ppl left azala as a whole
Assmaster: no its not
Kowalskiralski: thats quite concerning
Kowalskiralski: oh ok
Oofalladeez343: then Why am I now finding tons fo NI- shit in your deck XD
Assmaster: game name
Kowalskiralski: ok then
Boohoo: stop nigger shaming masta
Boohoo won the game!
Kowalskiralski: Lets make Siegheil Hitler a game name and Ass spaming it
Kowalskiralski: gg
Oofalladeez343: gg
Assmaster: gg
Boohoo: gg
14:39:48Thursday, February 2, 2023World Wetlands Day / Groundhog Day / Crêpe Day
Kowalskiralski: fyck, blyat
Boohoo: cyka blyat
Assmaster won the round!
Oofalladeez343 logged out.
Cr7st4l: WHAT
Cr7st4l: 0 VOTES
Boohoo: :O
Boohoo: :0
Kowalskiralski: 44 beats Hitler
Kowalskiralski: maybe you should change your strategy 
Kowalskiralski: I regret not having 45
Boohoo: too bad kanye isnt here
Kowalskiralski: yeah. If the Vienna academy would never reject him, Kanye would never be popular
Boohoo: that hitler video really bothers me, cause he looks like my friend
Boohoo: JUST LIKE
Assmaster won the game!
Assmaster: random play won
Boohoo: GG
Kowalskiralski: speaking of him, why is Hitler more popular now
Kowalskiralski: gg
Kelpo: G and G
Assmaster: gg
Kowalskiralski: than cold war or 1990s
Boohoo: more popular
Boohoo: ?
Kowalskiralski: I see him everywhere in Internet
Boohoo: well he wasn't around during neither
Kowalskiralski: Parties accusing each other being the next Hit, memes
Kowalskiralski: btw Abortion is babycaust
Boohoo: yeah who was a bigger hit than HITler?
Kvc: i hit on hitler
Kvc: a while ago
Blowspace joined.
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Kowalskiralski: still odd. The 1950s completely ignored him
Kelpo: WHAT 0 VOTES?!??!?!?!!
Boohoo: f
Kowalskiralski: Momma wanst teh Best Dick!!!
Cr7st4l logged out.
Kowalskiralski: Or did someone in Watergate-Scandal said, "Richard Nixon tries to manipulate like Hitler"?
Kowalskiralski: yet 2020s has a Hitler-Fetish
Boohoo: kowalski stop trying to please people you pussy
Kowalskiralski: wow
Boohoo: :D
Kelpo won the round!
Kowalskiralski: :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Kvc: hitler was not good at kissing
Boohoo: u never thought you'd hear that one huh? :D
Kowalskiralski: well, I have to accept trends
Kowalskiralski: Stalin did almost same things as Hitler yet never gets punished
Kowalskiralski: and its surprising indeed
Jackass125 won the round!
Kvc: Stalin nearly invented time travel
Blowspace logged out.
Kowalskiralski: damn fake news
Kvc: wait wait
Kowalskiralski: https://www.themoscowtimes.com/1995/02/01/why-and-how-stalin-hated-jews-a343318
Kvc: no
Kvc: that was the other guy
Kvc: stalin made me a really shitty sandwich
Kowalskiralski: like slavery, being anti-semitic was the trend
Kvc: it was bin laden that nearly made time travel i think
Boohoo won the round!
Kowalskiralski: What FDR said about Jews in private - Los Angeles Times
https://www.latimes.com/opinion/la-xpm-2013-apr-07-l…

WebApr 7, 2013 · In 1923, as a member of the Harvard board of directors, Roosevelt decided there were too many Jewish students at the college …
Boohoo: damn, what a little stimulation can do xD
Kowalskiralski: what context?
Kowalskiralski: https://www.tabletmag.com/sections/arts-letters/articles/franklin-roosevelt-holocaust
Boohoo: just talking about my brain ;)
Assmaster won the round!
Boohoo: is that your brother master?
Assmaster: wat
Kowalskiralski: nah all unrelated
Boohoo: that sexy hunk you keep posting :)
Kvc: did you just call him "master"?
Kowalskiralski: dad?
Kelpo: no way
Boohoo: he's a master, no?
Dragonz7 joined.
Kvc won the round!
Kvc: the master of asses
Kvc: are you an ass?
Kowalskiralski: just one ass official
Boohoo: he
Kowalskiralski: they/them
Assmaster: he
Dragonz7 left.
Boohoo: 'd be yours of he was the master of pussies
Kowalskiralski: Assmaster is confused
Kelpo logged out.
Kowalskiralski: "Article
Talk
Read
View source
View history
Page semi-protected" my favorite often read section
Kvc won the round!
Kowalskiralski: (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Iloveincest joined.
Assmaster won the round!
Boohoo: if your dream girl wanted to be with you as long as you would let her blow hot farts into your mouth while having sex, would you marry her?
Assmaster: wat
Iloveincest left.
Jackass125 won the round!
Boohoo: I guess I should've said sister instead of dream girl
Assmaster: wat
Boohoo: ?
Boohoo won the round!
Boohoo: damn assmasta had to go jerk off after all these sexual images
Assmaster: im playing hitman
Kvc won the round!
Boohoo: hitman = his balls
Kvc: hee hoo hee ha he hoo hoo he
Assmaster: no the one with agent 47
Boohoo: 4,7cm?
Boohoo won the round!
Omega_mkii joined.
Boohoo: that one was fun where you could use that rocket to blow the dude through the roof
Boohoo: hm3?
Kvc won the round!
Kvc: im so good at this game
Boohoo: gg
Kvc won the round!
Kowalskiralski: not fitting to question yet someone has to say it
Skipped question.
Reality joined.
Boohoo: welcome
Kowalskiralski: Hi Hreality, I am dad
Kowalskiralski: Ever heard of Media Bias/Fact Check, heliumtrades.com, AdfontesMedia
Kowalskiralski: to check if the news is... realistic?
Omega_mkii won the round!
Boohoo: only retards trust the news
Assmaster logged out.
Kowalskiralski: which is why we need bias-checkers
Kowalskiralski: rip Assmaster
Kowalskiralski: or how do you know whats going on in Dombass without being tehre from yourself with airport? Hmmmmmmmmmm
Kvc won the game!
Boohoo: gg
Kowalskiralski: Do you trust... EFT-Dailynews?
Kowalskiralski: gg
Boohoo: trust no news
Kowalskiralski: not even ETF Daily News ? thats harsh
Skipped question.
Kowalskiralski: or Radio Times partwise
Boohoo: everybody have a side
Kowalskiralski: its just a british TV magazine with zero political bias from adfontesmedia
Kowalskiralski: yeah, yet is this itself bad?
Boohoo won the round!
Kowalskiralski: The german and japanese logistic knew they messed up after 1941
Kowalskiralski: yet most of them favored the holocause despite reality-grim-looking at the WW2 outcome
Kowalskiralski: CNN and Fox News are BS, yet also the Associated Press to reject entirely?
Kowalskiralski: again. How the frich should I know what is going on around me
Boohoo: yeah I used to say ap is pretty trustworthy
Boohoo: then saw them spew propaganda 500 times
Jackass125 won the round!
Kowalskiralski: Associated Press? Which is propaganda?
Boohoo: I trust jack shit
Skipped question.
Removed Racism jokes.
Removed Randomoffensiveshit.
Removed Racism_is_fun.
Kowalskiralski: https://www.jackshithouse.com/deejay.html
Kvc: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1053512804948258848/1070807207270154331/image.png?width=101&height=27
Kowalskiralski: thrust
Boohoo: oh, I don't trust him either :D
Kvc: you just said you trust jack shit tho
Omega_mkii won the round!
Kowalskiralski: now its orwellian fake news bro
Boohoo: lol
Kowalskiralski: Jack Shit - The Cycle Source Magazine World Report Jack Shit Never again be told that you don't know Jack Schit! Known the world over for being brutally honest and trying to never hold back, audiences feel the same, whether you agree with what Jack …
Kowalskiralski: https://cyclesource.com/about-cycle-source-magazine/meet-the-staff/jack-shit/
Stupid_nigger joined.
Boohoo: pleeease
Boohoo: stop it :D
Kowalskiralski: lol
Boohoo: making my head hurt :DDD
Kvc: well who do you trust then
Boohoo: no one
Kowalskiralski: Life behind bars has turned out to be better than it was ever dreamed of! Constantly asked, what exactly is it that you do, helped push for the creation of Smiles Across Miles, an entertainment company based out of Phoenix, Arizona. It was the perfect company name to answer that very question. Because of Jack’s willingness to travel anywhere to bring a razor sharp edge to the party and get there by any means necessary, what could be more fitting?
Kvc: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1053512804948258848/1070807881831682149/image.png?width=101&height=27
Kowalskiralski: Jack also writes in the blogosphere and his writing has now been read in more than 110 countries around the world. A particular highlight in Jack’s life was when his blog was banned by court order, clear across the Middle East! With a little bit of coaxing from some of America’s finest and a little pressure applied to the right places, the ban was lifted in all but Turkey as of today! Go on over and make a visit to Jackshitsworld.blogspot.com and see what all the fuss is about!
Boohoo: who can help Jack off a horse?
Kvc won the round!
Kowalskiralski: "more than 110 countries" thats more than what a millenial archived
Boohoo: bro if you'd trust anyone after what I've been through, you'd be a fucking idiot
Kowalskiralski: whats the alternative
Kowalskiralski: you trust your computer working the next day
Kowalskiralski: you trust me being an actual human
Boohoo: touche
Kvc: ok i gotta go but ill send one more thing
Boohoo: just saying that cause I trust that working
Kowalskiralski: and what works?
Kvc won the round!
Boohoo: belittling myself
Kowalskiralski: Was the russian aggression justified?                                                        Boohoo: belittling myself
Kowalskiralski: man I wonder why not more ppl follow this example
Boohoo: lol
Kvc: https://images-ext-1.discordapp.net/external/4db8p0fzqT8x3PEI0bc9nixbMzyBYadxEkm1GVibZdU/https/static1.e621.net/data/e2/62/e262236739aa195a738ee79f3b72bae2.png?width=438&height=438
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Kvc logged out.
Kowalskiralski: sounds too serious, yet theres soliders, scientists and yes... abroad working ppl outside waiting for BBC or Human Rights Watch to say their next answer to some questions
Kowalskiralski: imagine being bombed and you have no outside contact at all
Boohoo: all the people I depend on, I don't depend on at all
Boohoo: :D
Boohoo: just a small hope
Omega_mkii left.
Kowalskiralski: so youre a chad living in the woods?
Boohoo won the round!
Boohoo: that would be depending on myself
Omega_mkii joined.
Kowalskiralski: thats a contradtcition you made
Kowalskiralski: contradiction.
Boohoo: did I say I depend on myself?
Kowalskiralski: Boohoo: all the people I depend on, I don't depend on at all
Kowalskiralski: idk what you said rlly
Boohoo: we have a lot in common :D
Kowalskiralski: lol
Reality won the round!
Boohoo: not saying to anyone that I'm the one to depend on bro
Boohoo: too many friends killed themselves
Kowalskiralski: but you are depending on others
Kowalskiralski: bruh
Jackass125 won the round!
Boohoo: just what it is
Kowalskiralski: youre average dependent on others?
Kowalskiralski: idk what it is. I am assuming
Kowalskiralski: You have to give us a straight-forward answer to be udnerstood
Reality won the round!
Boohoo: give me a target and I'll shoot
Kowalskiralski: *throws cake*
Kowalskiralski: are you dependent on others?
Omega_mkii logged out.
Boohoo: sure 
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Kowalskiralski: deserves won
Boohoo: a lazy comfortable fuck
Kowalskiralski: d
Kowalskiralski: who isnt nowadays
Boohoo: why would I try hard?
Kowalskiralski: fr. My parents did it for me
Kowalskiralski: Hard times create strong man... I am too lazy to continue... you know
Oofalladeez343 joined.
Oofalladeez343: back for a bit
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Boohoo: welcome back :)
Kowalskiralski: Hey Oof, you missed my high peak of my comedical career
Kowalskiralski: Hard times create strong man... I am too lazy to continue... you know
Boohoo: I know exactly what you mean dude
Kowalskiralski: its going downhill from there
Boohoo: try a little, raise a little fire and these fucking retards think you're a jesus or some shit
Kowalskiralski: and even taht little is even smaller nowadays
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Kowalskiralski: https://assets.weforum.org/editor/qtDP71d6Uql0yWYuyYSpqLMm-YnykBuVYdVrT3wet48.png
Kowalskiralski: oh. fire. not money
Kowalskiralski: well I thought of showing my children all the stuffs I could buy and the yadmire me
Reality won the round!
Kowalskiralski: now I made the chat so akward out-of-context that Boohoo votes last
Boohoo: lol sry i was taking a piss
Kowalskiralski: lol. Was it good?
Boohoo: u know it was _D
Oofalladeez343: my card comes with a caption, getting smashed lke this guy
Kowalskiralski: tahts enough
Boohoo won the round!
Kowalskiralski: lke 
Oofalladeez343: brb
Kowalskiralski: purr
Boohoo: meow
Kowalskiralski: https://assets.weforum.org/editor/v-4-_S9qynqtGRr-ZsiFCxYdV5E_hrr7J3NlGm5qyAU.png
Boohoo: lol are u running this website?
Kowalskiralski: nah. Just an weforum.org/agenda
Boohoo: I'd never click one of these links
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Boohoo: too fucking paranoid for that shit :D
Kowalskiralski: just show image?
Boohoo: no I look the images
Boohoo: but to go to the actual site
Boohoo: naah
Kowalskiralski: youre too partanoid. How can someone get virus by decoding image from azala.info?
Kowalskiralski: use web-archive.org
Oofalladeez343: XD
Boohoo: just told ya so :D
Kowalskiralski: you just proved to be less english-cultured by never hearing from weforum.org
Oofalladeez343: I have still been wearing a mask so I dont catch a computer virus
Kowalskiralski: web-archive.org/save/ than link
Boohoo: haha you have no idea
Kowalskiralski: ahhahaha
Kowalskiralski: I have too many
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Boohoo: this isn't my mothers language
Kowalskiralski: How about killing the weak?
Kowalskiralski: fair enough
Oofalladeez343: Don't kill me then
Kowalskiralski: Weakling seperation then
Oofalladeez343: XD
Kowalskiralski: apartheid, but they can chat
Kowalskiralski: fr the reason why we have those lockdowns is, because to protect the sensitive and the eldery
Boohoo: I'm one of those real white skinned blue eyed devils :D
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Kowalskiralski: my parents survived like Theres No covid
Kowalskiralski: but just like
Oofalladeez343: bruh, I hit on girls without even trying
Kowalskiralski: in a good way?
Boohoo: have u ever been attacked by women?
Oofalladeez343: what you think I beat women? XD
Kowalskiralski: have u ever been woman?
Boohoo: that shit is hilarious
Kowalskiralski: nah just accidently raped
Oofalladeez343: XD
Kowalskiralski: can happen the best of us
Boohoo: I've been sexually abused by women many a time
Reality won the round!
Kowalskiralski: just one look and ... offended police call
Kowalskiralski: Just Existing sometimes
Kowalskiralski: 2 meters
Boohoo: bro I've been sexually abused by women from 16 to 70
Kowalskiralski: dumb question but how and why
Kowalskiralski: I cant remember any sexual interaction with a female
Kowalskiralski: sussy village you live
Boohoo: well the funny thing similar to these ages
Kowalskiralski: wut
Jackass125 won the round!
Kowalskiralski: You mean... I was abused but I never noticed... this funn yfeeling?
Boohoo: those both ages started with groping my ass
Kowalskiralski: and I asked you how and why
Kowalskiralski: and maybe their numbers
Kowalskiralski: just maybe
Kowalskiralski: I drank too much
Oofalladeez343: have you ever gone on a dating app and gay guys tried to hit you up after saying in your profile your straight
Kowalskiralski: thats the thing
Kowalskiralski: 0 results
Boohoo: lol going through this is affecting me somehow, do I have ptsd from sexual abuse?
Jahjucky joined.
Kowalskiralski: idk why are you looking me like that
Oofalladeez343: maybe daddy loved you oo much
Jahjucky left.
Oofalladeez343: *too
Oofalladeez343: XD
Kowalskiralski:  AI, robot sex slave
Kowalskiralski won the round!
Boohoo: as I said those were females
Kowalskiralski: see. Make the South rise again
Kowalskiralski: and as I may implied, is it abuse when I as a child enjoyed it
Oofalladeez343: My card better win
Kowalskiralski: the biggest lows hitting now in azala.info
Kowalskiralski: Imean... if you were 15 or 17 yourself, you never wanted bitches
Oofalladeez343: you still call it azala.info?
Oofalladeez343: Boomer alert
Kowalskiralski: liek Megan Monore?
Kowalskiralski: picturecards.online
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Oofalladeez343: XD
Oofalladeez343: how did the Phallic Grate not get any votes?
Kowalskiralski: I am adopting
Jackass125 logged out.
Boohoo: damn I have trauma I didn't know I had :D
Kowalskiralski: Heres another informative, worldview-broading IP-grabber
Kowalskiralski: https://assets.weforum.org/editor/IwzTPR5uZH1nvT7-zDRkntx7x2LTHE11qZpTW9agyBM.png
Reality won the round!
Oofalladeez343: ight then, what's my ip address
Kowalskiralski: deep south lol
Oofalladeez343: what state
Kowalskiralski: Alabama. Told somewhere
Oofalladeez343: and city
Kowalskiralski: spooky
Kowalskiralski: uhm
Boohoo: my ip is somewhere down in estonia
Kowalskiralski: keep it secret
Oofalladeez343: ^vpn user
Kowalskiralski: wait lemme look at my database
Kowalskiralski: calculating
Kowalskiralski: almsot
Kowalskiralski: man your city is complex
Oofalladeez343: it really isn't
Kowalskiralski: Huntsville
Oofalladeez343: Nope
Kowalskiralski: it was a joke
Reality won the game!
Kowalskiralski: you were born 2000
Reality: gg
Kowalskiralski: somewhat zoomer
Boohoo: there's people on this site taking info from your browser form info
Kowalskiralski:  	Birmingham
Oofalladeez343: Nope
Kowalskiralski: Montgomery
Kowalskiralski:  	Mobile
Kowalskiralski: Tuscaloosa
Kowalskiralski: Hoover
Oofalladeez343: one of the cities you mentioned I used to live in
Boohoo: if you have auto filled info
Boohoo: they can see that super easily
Reality left.
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Oofalladeez343: One of them you can probably  mispronounced
Boohoo: dang
Boohoo won the round!
Boohoo: who's the best rapper ever?
Oofalladeez343: idk idc
Boohoo won the round!
Boohoo: sry I meant rapist
Kowalskiralski: Tuscaloosa
Boohoo won the round!
Oofalladeez343: Boohoo thats a kek right there
Jefferybezos joined.
Jefferybezos left.
Kowalskiralski: "The American girl gets stoned BEFORE sex.
" nice joek
Kowalskiralski: from 4chan, reddit copied in mind?
Boohoo: yeah its a stolen joke for sure
Kowalskiralski: that sounds sartastic
Oofalladeez343: mine was original
You didn't vote, so your submission lost 1 vote.
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Kowalskiralski: yet it has to be brought up elsewhere. There were few stoned work jokes
Boohoo: no im sure it is
Oofalladeez343: Alright
Kowalskiralski: what? Stolen
Boohoo: yah
Oofalladeez343: who are the fastest readers in the world
Kowalskiralski: u´just existing that jk
Stupid_nigger won the round!
Nate76 joined.
Kowalskiralski: Kin-Yong Ill
Kowalskiralski: Kim idk
Nate76 left.
Oofalladeez343: 9/11 victims
Oofalladeez343: when they fell over 100 stories
Boohoo: who's iller than kim jong ill?
Kowalskiralski: Top 100 Biggest Cities In Alabama (2000 Census) is Sus
Oofalladeez343: fuck the 2000 census
Oofalladeez343: wasn't even alive in 2000
Jefferybezos joined.
Boohoo: oi jeff
Kowalskiralski: Howard Stephen Berg from the United States and Maria Teresa Calderon from the Philippines both claim to own Guinness World Record for World’s Fastest Reader. They claim to be able to read anywhere from 25,000 – 80,000 words per minute with up to 100% comprehension.
16:31:59Thursday, February 2, 2023World Wetlands Day / Groundhog Day / Crêpe Day
...
Krazykactusklan joined.
Boohoo won the game!
Kowalskiralski: gg
Boohoo: gg no cap ;)
Boohoo: have you seen that deepfake porn
Stupid_nigger left.
Kowalskiralski: just kinda annyoing when the moderator asked "Wait. They have a word for that?" and I think:"Of course. You can make everything a word."
Kowalskiralski: Beckenschwimmtrainer or some 3 words like that
Robertus logged out.
Bambustoms joined.
Boohoo: swimming teacher of some sort?
Oofalladeez343: can we stop talking about german words
Hello91 won the round!
Boohoo: NEIN
Boohoo: Ich liebe deutche
Kowalskiralski: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0jr-HQeT74
Kowalskiralski: Bezirksschornsteinfegermeister in district chimney cleaner master
Kowalskiralski: is*
Krazykactusklan won the round!
Kowalskiralski left.
16:47:01Thursday, February 2, 2023World Wetlands Day / Groundhog Day / Crêpe Day
