Anon95: also according to him Japan and Korea are also racial-constituted
Soup50: idk
Anon95: I mean, its sus that "100%" in korea are koreans especially north and even Japan is today strict and homogenous despite the demographic transitioning. Just hinting
Jacob_rees_mogg: I'm not convinced. His entire view of nations as a political construct for classifying cultures, seems very modern globalist to me.
Anon95: Arent they social constructs written in constitutions?
Anon95: and the US one sound pretty freedmom-loving to me
Anon95: freedom*
Jacob_rees_mogg: Can you view constitutions as good sources of definitions though?
Anon95: What is the alternative?
Aniece: hey
Anon95: A state has executive, judicative and legisative. And theres a primary culture in it
Koda: hi
Jacob_rees_mogg: No that is a very post french revolution centric view. Not every state is tri pillar
Aniece: hru
Anon95: The constitution is kind of a soul, a "deep state" that everyone in USA has to be talking in classical liberal language
Abby420: hey
Anon95: yeah they can be just executive replacing those roles
Koda: im
Koda: ok
Koda: wbu
Aniece: im ok 
Aniece: but bored 
Anon95: Yet even the dictator defines and interprets laws by himself, so abstract speaking a legisative and judicative still exists
Aniece: well why are ou just ok and not good 
Anon95: just by one person
Aniece: *you
Koda: cause i don't have a reason to be good?
Soup50: hi aniece
Jacob_rees_mogg: That's deconstructionist. It is forcing analysis into a matrix of legislative, executive and judiciary
Aniece: hey soup 
Aniece: and ok 
Aniece: i have a question 
Player is offline.
Aniece: for anyone who wants to answer 
Anon95: Are you on?
Anon95: oh
Koda: ok
Koda: sure
Anon95: Whats your alternative than? Does the constitution say anything
Aniece: how do i get a guy to like me 
Aniece: because i actually need someone now 
Anon95: If not, how can we determnine the soul of one primary culture?
Jacob_rees_mogg: Take every constitution as a unique document. Compare and contrast sure, but don't try to classify them.
Soup50: hmmm
Anon95: Isnt classifying a part of understanding? Comparing things?
Koda: but you have cap
Soup50: Act different at firstand then normaslize as you get to be around him more
Soup50: normalize*
Koda: first things first
Anon95: I was raised multi-cultural kind of and can try to understand others government at least
Koda: shave your asshole.
Soup50: Start out stereotypical
Jacob_rees_mogg: Not necessarily. Especially in non-sciences like social sciences
Koda: oh.
Soup50: oh
Abby420: yea what koda said
Koda: yeah start out stereotypical
Koda: eat watermelon and say the n word a lot
Anon95: If not social sciences, who else can deal the mess called politics
Aniece: shit brb 
Koda: gotchu.
Anon95: Us talking is social and science should be there to discover truths
Anon95: Its not good enough, but better than nothing
Jacob_rees_mogg: Anyone who follows their conscience tempered by common sense
Anon95: The problem with common sense is that everyone has a different one
Anon95: Cannibalism was common sense by the tribes
Jacob_rees_mogg: Social science is a farcical attempt to try and legitimize subjective disagreements as a legitimate pursuit of truth
Anon95: And as long as language exists, we already classifiying
Anon95: hmm
Anon95: How can you deal with relationship problems?
Soup50: coom shroom
Anon95: With just natural science or what?
Koda: cum shrum
Jacob_rees_mogg: You can talk. I'm not saying social interaction is impossible. But the study of it can never be scientific.
Anon95: The question is how constitutions and the soul of a primary culure differs
Anon95: Never?
Anon95: Do you know social science?
Anon95: I am honest idk about any scientific field ever
Anon95: Maybe the other planets are fake. I have to trust NASAs observations in astrology
Soup50:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7NB3QMNFoA
Anon95: nomy
Jacob_rees_mogg: I'm a hard scientist. Sure I'm biased. But I go with what people like Richard Feynman and Walker Percy said: if you cannot quantify unambiguously, then it is not a science
Anon95: How do you see human society with just hard science?
Anon95: like as complicated, random, biological robots or?
Jacob_rees_mogg: In science disagreements arise, not because of fundamental ambiguity but uncertainty of measurement. There is always a right answer, and all others are wrong. No place for subjectivity
Anon95: Doesnt all sciences present uncertainties?
Jacob_rees_mogg: Not mathematics
Anon95: There was agreement until Einstein and who knowws its wrong too maybe
Anon95: Does Mathematics exist in real life? Or just language to simplyfy stuffs?
Jacob_rees_mogg: Can you find a concrete difference between both concepts?
Anon95: Yes, 2+2=4, but can this not even improve social science to actual science? And math is as good as their given premises
Anon95: Between both what concepts? Math and natural science?
Anon95: Well the one you can see, the other you have to calculate in your mind
Jacob_rees_mogg: No between math existing irl and "merely" being a language used to simplify
Anon95: Its an abstract combination...
Jacob_rees_mogg: Life exists in mathematics, not vice versa. Mathematics transcends the physical plane of existence.
Anon95: ... of neuronal thinking pattern and speeches and symbols
Anon95: Theres surly multiverse contradicting maths or not?
Jacob_rees_mogg: Not so. If no life of any type ever existed anywhere, math would still be there and every mathematical truth be the same
Jacob_rees_mogg: No, there cannot be. Because mathematics does not exist in a universe
Anon95: like every concept in humans mind. "If I go to the moon, I am still white and this moon was occupied by a whie guy"
Jacob_rees_mogg: Mathematical rules and identities are not subject to physical laws which are defined by the universe 
Anon95: My problem is that I cant see but think of math
Anon95: Physical Laws are merely description to understand the universe. A recnstruction of it
Blargyt: W
Koda: A
Koda: P
Blargyt: More accounts stolen
Anon95: Mathematics and physics isnt the end of history. Maybe Aliens know it better
Koda: but how many bitches have you stolen?
Koda: 0.
Soup50: How many men? All of them.
Koda: facts
Anon95: Also in philosophy, theres different kinds of logic. I think what youre talking is classical logic
Koda: full homo
Jacob_rees_mogg: Debatable, but sure. Let's go with that. Physical laws are parametrizations of our universe. They are written in the language of mathematics. You can change the laws, and the writing changes, but the language always stays the same.
Anon95: I believe what you mean is... facts & logic?
Anon95: Theres different language given and changed by every interaction of someone derrivated from it
Jacob_rees_mogg: The only logic that is immutable, is mathematical logic, formal logic
Anon95: Like in actual english someone created the word "ratio"
Soup50: I'm no longer homiesexual
Soup50: I'm just a faggot now
Anon95: Maybe
Aniece: im bk 
Soup50: wb
Anon95: In this time in this universe
Aniece: thx :)
Anon95: As long as we can fail, we will naver know 100%. Even this statement.
Jacob_rees_mogg: There is only one mathematical language. Mathematical truths never change because they depend on nothing but the axioms they are derived from.
Mxrtified: HETA
Anon95: But does 2+2 exists? Only in our minds in different context?
Mxrtified: WHAT
Koda: oh
Koda: so then kiss me
Koda: right now
Koda: on the lips
Koda: while our pps touch
Jacob_rees_mogg: Equations change depending on whether you are working in a Euclidean or non-Eucledian framework, but the language does not
Aniece: oh 
Aniece: uhhh 
Anon95: like so what? I still dont understand human relationship at least trans-subjective without the psychology-interface
Aniece: whats happening rn 
Tallguy: hmm
Jacob_rees_mogg: It is like you can write different books in the same language. But there is only one language.
Tallguy: idk
Kingxie: ?
Koda: uh
Koda: just me and soup
Anon95: How can you determine that one language for sure?
Koda: being cuties
Soup50: Fuckin
Soup50: eating dude ass
Anon95: How can you know that this isnt just another superiority?
Koda: eats soups fat diaper booty~
Jacob_rees_mogg: Finding universal and fundamental truths, such as in axiomatic set theory and number theory
Anon95: Is as universal as humans can see
Aniece: oh uhhh 
Anon95: And historical speaking, even natural science was wrong at this, so why is it now better?
Jacob_rees_mogg: A set is either empty or it is not. Does a non-human perspective allow for more possibilities?
Anon95: Like they should constantly question and improve every time
Koda: uhhh..
Anon95: I was bad at maths in school so this territory is more new for me
Jacob_rees_mogg: Natural science is based on measurements. The measurements can be wrong. The models can be wrong. The equations can be wrong. But the mathematics are never wrong.
Anon95: Mathematics were defined by humans. Humans arent everything, therefore math isnt enough to explain all current problems today?
Jacob_rees_mogg: Ah but no. Mathematics were discovered by humans, not defined, not created
Anon95: You cant know were your discoverment ends or gets misinterpreted
Anon95: also its a bit of both. The symbols like those letter and 0 were humanly created
Jacob_rees_mogg: Math is sufficient, our understanding of problems is not. Mathematics is robust enough to describe every problem in every possible universe and more.
Anon95: But are we enough robust to handle this?
Aniece: anyway ummm anyone got any advice so i can get a man 
Aniece: ?
Jacob_rees_mogg: If we are not, then why bother trying?
Koda: you literally have cap.
Anon95: why bother trying? I thought math gives me answers
Anon95: And make social science transend to natural one
Anon95: oh
Jacob_rees_mogg: Be a virgin, don't be a feminist, be loyal no matter what.
Aniece: i literatlly dont 
Anon95: Yeah. I was too skeptic to this
Koda: yeah
Koda: you do.
Aniece: ok
Domthebeaner52: i thought you did
Aniece: no i dont 
Koda: she does x-x
Aniece: i really dont 
Koda: mfs still flirt everyday
Koda: you aren't getting a man
Tallguy: she got hella hoes
Koda: by flirting with another one everyday.
Aniece: i dont 
Koda: that's not how it works.
Aniece: i dont have hoes ok
Aniece: i have friends not hoes 
Koda: men aren't gonna want you if you have other super close male friends.
Aniece: yh i dont 
Anon95: So what I understand, I should cope social science with the next-high tier like soft biology with hard bio. > psychology > political science > social science
Jacob_rees_mogg: Social and natural science are both technically subordinate to mathematics. But only the latter are we humans capable of describing in those terms.
Aniece: i really need to stop playing ppl tho 
Koda: :|
Jacob_rees_mogg: Imo pretty much yes
Aniece: well i only do it if they annoy me 
Koda: thats still fucked up.
Aniece: i know 
Anon95: Yeah And I think "we" can transcend if were copying math. Like explaing psycho with bio and like aladder climbing up
Aniece: im gonna quit 
Anon95: idk how to say this.
Boohoo: yeah play with people, don't play them
Koda: if you say so.
Koda: good luck ig x-x
Anon95: I think youre smarter than me. Thx
Domthebeaner52: you guys wanna play gartic phones?
Aniece: no tell me what else i need to fix 
Koda: uh
Jacob_rees_mogg: You may very well be right. Hopefully. But since we aren't there yet, there is no point trying to treat social science as a science, until we understand biochemistry well enough to quantify psychology, etc.
Koda: i dont think we have enough people to play gartic x-x
Jacob_rees_mogg: idk about that. I'm just a hard scientist who has become jaded to subjective disagreements.
Anon95: And as social science has more cituations and gaining critics, they will "naturally" climb up to politics > psychology > soft biology > biochemistry > chemistry > physics > mathematics > classical logic? > ???
Domthebeaner52: well theres me, koda, aniece, soup, tallguy, and blue
Koda: that doesn't mean all of them wanna play
Domthebeaner52: true
Tallguy: yep
Domthebeaner52: Tall
Domthebeaner52: wanna play?
Tallguy: ehh
Tallguy: maybe not
Domthebeaner52: it'll be funnnn
Tallguy: thats what my teachers say
Domthebeaner52: oh
Domthebeaner52: if you play gartic ill suck ur dick
Tallguy: no
Koda: tallguy is gay tho
Koda: def gets no bitches.
Jacob_rees_mogg: The way I see it we have math (including logic), physics, chemistry and parts of hard bio down sufficiently to quantify them objectively to a "useful" extent (There is plenty of improvement to be had)
Tallguy: no
Koda: yeah.
Domthebeaner52: i thought tall got bitches?
Koda: hell no x-x
Koda: since when
Koda: what bitches?
Domthebeaner52: idk
Koda: exactly
Koda: none
Anon95: Quality also matters. And I with some other people want to understand the social reality now and try to explain. As you said, theyre trying.
Anon95: If we all want to, we can delete cookies or go to startpage.com or 
https://s.zhaocloud.net/ researching for digging up our world view. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_and_soft_science
Domthebeaner52: like me :D
Koda: yup
Domthebeaner52: damn
Anon95: For one instance is Google corrupt enough to decieve us, only economics (which I forgot to put between psychology and politics to add) with combi of social can answer for now. There may be abstract biological answer going to corruption which the layman gets confused, electromagnetic field-combinations and yeah.
Jacob_rees_mogg: I personally don't see the point in trying until we have a more deterministic understanding of how neurological processes translate into social phenomena. But more power to you, if you do. The thing is, because every analysis of social phenomena is so squishy and nebulous, there isn't really any way to tell whether you're right or wrong. Or even whether you are more or less right than someone with a different idea.
Aniece: he does have bitches 
Aniece: he lying if he say he dont 
Koda: who
Aniece: tallguy 
Koda: ok what bitches?
Anon95: Common sense you said. This is how the entlightenment started, which common sense asking things
Aniece: idk ask him them girls names 
Aniece: i be forgetting 
Koda: 0 bitches.
Aniece: well i got some 
Anon95: LESSON: THOMAS PAINE, COMMON SENSE, 1776
FULL TEXT
“for God’s sake, let us come
to a final separation”
Thomas Paine
COMMON SENSE
*January 1776
Jacob_rees_mogg: I beg to differ. Sense yes, common sense no. Enlightment was already trying to be more puristic.
Koda: yeah, we know :|
Aniece: like you 
Anon95: its was the next stage towards industrialization and science in development
Koda: i dont got bitches x-x
Aniece: no i mean your my bitch 
Koda: fuck no.
Aniece: fuck yh 
Koda: can i
Anon95: Farmers wrote an execlopedia in underground from the oppressive churches
Jacob_rees_mogg: When I say common sense should be used to temper following ones conscience in navigating the tangled web of social interaction. I mean not doing stupid shit that's counter productive.
Koda: not be?
Aniece: you dont want to be my friend 
Aniece: what did i do to you 
Anon95: If everyone tries and fails, theres success
Koda: i dont wanna be your bitch x-x
Jacob_rees_mogg: For example, spirit earlier. He was following his conscience, but he was doing it in a stupid and counter productive way. Common sense would dictate that he kept his mouth shut.
Domthebeaner52: damn koda
Anon95: Social science is broken now till we fix it
Koda: actually i probably dont wanna be ur friend either.
Aniece: why 
Koda: nah yeah, you were right the first time
Aniece: what did i ever do to you 
Anon95: Well... I refused
Koda: you just make
Koda: bad decisions.
Soup50: cum
Koda: all the fucking time.
Aniece: no i dont 
Koda: :|
Aniece: you just 
Anon95: And yes its hard, but my point is that we need to climb up with the tools we have already now
Aniece: get mad about cap all the fucking time 
Anon95: If they would never talk, there would be less awareness of this religious divide in this chat
Koda: because you and cap act like cap has done absolutely nothing wrong and just is some perfect person
Aniece: whenever i explain he is just my friend then you turn it around like omfg god aniece your basically dating and blah blah blah 
Tallguy: ooof
Domthebeaner52: zayum
Anon95: No, social science itself is in development, yet we need the interface and those people trying to answer social questions like poverty
Koda: yeah because idk any friends who call eachother hot
Aniece: again i dont act like that 
Koda: or talk everyday
Koda: in private
Koda: for hours
Koda: or say they love eachother
Koda: or roleplay x-x
Jacob_rees_mogg: Prove to me then first that social "scientists" can and will use those tools to climb instead of to fight each other
Koda: cant name any friends who do that.
Aniece: ok for one we have never done that 
Koda: c a p.
Domthebeaner52: ooop'
Anon95: Someone will be successful I guess?
Aniece: yh but i dont see what your so mad about 
Koda: you're*
Aniece: he is just like my bestfriend 
Anon95: You think physics is natural since beginning  superior and social science just stay that way?
Koda: yes.
Koda: and i don't like either of you x-x
Koda: so no
Koda: we are not friends.
Aniece: thats fine by me 
Koda: then what was the point of asking why not.
Domthebeaner52: zayum
Aniece: but you really need to learn how to not get so jealous 
Koda: if i was jealous why would i completely unfriend both of you x-x
Jacob_rees_mogg: They have not at any point in the last millennia.
While hard sciences make actual progress, social science has made none. 
For example, there are more than ten schools of psychology. Ask a dr from each for an analysis, and you will get as many different diagnoses. Imagine if physics or chemistry were like that. Or even regular physical medicine.
Soup50: Someone will laugh at this letter
Soup50: M
Aniece: comon you were jealous 
Aniece: because you even said it before 
Soup50: ik dom laughed at it
Anon95: Conflicts are everywhere, even though theres more consensus in some seemingly-boring questions, it completly denies others such as political orientation
Koda: nah hold up bitch
Aniece: and then tried to argue with me about it 
Koda: WHEN.
Aniece: hold up i think i still have the messages 
Koda: when tho
Koda: when was this x-x
Koda: years 2005-2012
Koda: dont count.
Koda: 2013 was pretty shit too
Koda: but it's fine.
Anon95: The "enemies" of natural science got deported to pseudo-science. And by dark ages it wasnt always been this way. I get your point
Aniece: child it wasnt even that long ago 
Domthebeaner52: soup
Koda: child, im older than you x-x
Domthebeaner52: im currently reading a book
Domthebeaner52: im not gonna laugh at M
Koda: DOM CAN READ?
Koda: yo..
Domthebeaner52: I actually love reading
Koda: okay calm down beaner
Koda: stay in your place.
Anon95: Most people dont understand math and we have to translate everything to pure logic and empirism. Ok
Soup50:: https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.e13b0babed813cf9cc6892b3b1da41e2?rik=ust2nemD9j9NkA&riu=http%3a%2f%2fi.imgur.com%2fQ4opp32.jpg&ehk=IWqoPgLKQWixyrZMSGzNAiTF6bjazx9Gr3%2f9trRM03A%3d&risl=&pid=ImgRaw&r=0
Koda: soup
Koda: i love you.
Soup50: Squeez bacon
Domthebeaner52: the one im reading now i got yesterday and im little over halfway through already, its like 500 something pages
Anon95: It´s inventable-
Soup50: didn't ask
Koda: im bored asf
Koda: ima make some food
Koda: what should i make?
Soup50: PUSSY
Domthebeaner52: I'll make you food Koda
Koda: i mean irl wtf x-x
Koda: gay ass mfs
Soup50: I \k
Soup50: MAKE PUSSY
Koda: i cant make pussy
Koda: i get no bitches.
Soup50: MEOW MEIW
Koda: oh
Soup50: MEOW MEOW
Domthebeaner52: I will make you food
Domthebeaner52: blob:chrome-untrusted://media-app/16fa1e6a-da8b-4454-8645-2c1675495c3b
Domthebeaner52: FUCK
Koda: dom still cant send links
Koda: fucking
Soup50: Dom can't whip up pussy like a chink can
Koda: child.
Koda: yeah dom
Koda: calm down
Anon95: Because in the end of the day, mathematics is just a language and we have to derive meaning from it. Nature itself doesnt care how misleading or correct we does.
Domthebeaner52:: https://photo-collage.net/global/collages/photo-collage.net/temp_uploads/medium/2e529f906fff878e8de6547566ae86b6_IMG_20220307_164439.jpg
Koda: i can make the meow meow
Koda: the woof woof
Domthebeaner52: HAHA
Koda: the glub flub
Koda: the ooh ooh ahh ahh
Domthebeaner52: I sent a link right AND made Koda food
Koda: ngl tho
Anon95: I have to go. Thx for this conversation.
Koda: mexican rice kinda fire.
Domthebeaner52: FR
Jacob_rees_mogg: Perhaps. But to somewhat ungraciously bring it back around to the original subject: how can one simply reduce a constitution to a category like race-based, religion-based, liberal idealism-based, etc?
Domthebeaner52: Koda
Domthebeaner52:: https://photo-collage.net/global/collages/photo-collage.net/temp_uploads/medium/2e529f906fff878e8de6547566ae86b6_IMG_20220307_164439.jpg
Domthebeaner52: Your food
Domthebeaner52: eat it
Jacob_rees_mogg: They have not at any point in the last millennia.
While hard sciences make actual progress, social science has made none. 
For example, there are more than ten schools of psychology. Ask a dr from each for an analysis, and you will get as many different diagnoses. Imagine if physics or chemistry were like that. Or even regular physical medicine.
Soup50: Someone will laugh at this letter
Soup50: M
Aniece: comon you were jealous 
Aniece: because you even said it before 
Soup50: ik dom laughed at it
Anon95: Conflicts are everywhere, even though theres more consensus in some seemingly-boring questions, it completly denies others such as political orientation
Koda: nah hold up bitch
Aniece: and then tried to argue with me about it 
Koda: WHEN.
Aniece: hold up i think i still have the messages 
Koda: when tho
Koda: when was this x-x
Koda: years 2005-2012
Koda: dont count.
Koda: 2013 was pretty shit too
Koda: but it's fine.
Anon95: The "enemies" of natural science got deported to pseudo-science. And by dark ages it wasnt always been this way. I get your point
Aniece: child it wasnt even that long ago 
Domthebeaner52: soup
Koda: child, im older than you x-x
Domthebeaner52: im currently reading a book
Domthebeaner52: im not gonna laugh at M
Koda: DOM CAN READ?
Koda: yo..
Domthebeaner52: I actually love reading
Koda: okay calm down beaner
Koda: stay in your place.
Anon95: Most people dont understand math and we have to translate everything to pure logic and empirism. Ok
Soup50:: https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.e13b0babed813cf9cc6892b3b1da41e2?rik=ust2nemD9j9NkA&riu=http%3a%2f%2fi.imgur.com%2fQ4opp32.jpg&ehk=IWqoPgLKQWixyrZMSGzNAiTF6bjazx9Gr3%2f9trRM03A%3d&risl=&pid=ImgRaw&r=0
Koda: soup
Koda: i love you.
Soup50: Squeez bacon
Domthebeaner52: the one im reading now i got yesterday and im little over halfway through already, its like 500 something pages
Anon95: It´s inventable-
Soup50: didn't ask
Koda: im bored asf
Koda: ima make some food
Koda: what should i make?
Soup50: PUSSY
Domthebeaner52: I'll make you food Koda
Koda: i mean irl wtf x-x
Koda: gay ass mfs
Soup50: I \k
Soup50: MAKE PUSSY
Koda: i cant make pussy
Koda: i get no bitches.
Soup50: MEOW MEIW
Koda: oh
Soup50: MEOW MEOW
Domthebeaner52: I will make you food
Domthebeaner52: blob:chrome-untrusted://media-app/16fa1e6a-da8b-4454-8645-2c1675495c3b
Domthebeaner52: FUCK
Koda: dom still cant send links
Koda: fucking
Soup50: Dom can't whip up pussy like a chink can
Koda: child.
Koda: yeah dom
Koda: calm down
Anon95: Because in the end of the day, mathematics is just a language and we have to derive meaning from it. Nature itself doesnt care how misleading or correct we does.
Domthebeaner52:: https://photo-collage.net/global/collages/photo-collage.net/temp_uploads/medium/2e529f906fff878e8de6547566ae86b6_IMG_20220307_164439.jpg
Koda: i can make the meow meow
Koda: the woof woof
Domthebeaner52: HAHA
Koda: the glub flub
Koda: the ooh ooh ahh ahh
Domthebeaner52: I sent a link right AND made Koda food
Koda: ngl tho
Anon95: I have to go. Thx for this conversation.
Koda: mexican rice kinda fire.
Domthebeaner52: FR
Jacob_rees_mogg: Perhaps. But to somewhat ungraciously bring it back around to the original subject: how can one simply reduce a constitution to a category like race-based, religion-based, liberal idealism-based, etc?
Domthebeaner52: Koda
Domthebeaner52:: https://photo-collage.net/global/collages/photo-collage.net/temp_uploads/medium/2e529f906fff878e8de6547566ae86b6_IMG_20220307_164439.jpg
Domthebeaner52: Your food
Domthebeaner52: eat it
Koda: idk wtf im looking at
Domthebeaner52: Casserole
Domthebeaner52: wanna know whats in it?
Koda: ....
Koda: no.
Koda: stop.
Jacob_rees_mogg: Oh okay. Hey no problem. I'm sorry if I sound arrogant, I'm just trying to expound my perspective - and as I said I am a jaded hard scientist
Koda: bro fr said casserole
Domthebeaner52: bruh
Domthebeaner52: CAUSE IT IS
Koda: mfs fr eat casserole?
Koda: like fr?
Domthebeaner52: you dont eat casserole?
Anon95: Mix of "this professional old guy said so" and "it makes sense with my prior obversations"
Koda: fuck no.
Anon95: No youre right. It was too subjectivge
Domthebeaner52: what do you think casseroles are?
Domthebeaner52: or casserole is?
Koda: white people food.
Soup50: ^
Domthebeaner52: other than that
Koda: like fuckin
Koda: meatloaf and shit
Anon95: But how can someone be objective in a world, noone is? The social world
Domthebeaner52: its not fucking meatloaf, meatloaf is ass
Soup50: Imagine being of another race and eating fucking casserole
Soup50: couldn't be me
Koda: no im saying meatloaf is a white people food
Koda: just like casserole
Domthebeaner52: ok
Domthebeaner52: can i at least tell you whats in the damn thing
Anon95: Like if you read the US constitutionand than the mexican one, what words are they using
Koda: no.
Soup50: no
Domthebeaner52: Ok heres the fucking DEFINITION of Casserole
Anon95: Theres mediabiasandfactcheck.com and AdFontsMedia trying to make a consensus by what wording what biases appeals
Domthebeaner52: a kind of stew or side dish that is cooked slowly in an oven.
Koda: ok
Koda: so
Koda: white mom food.
Domthebeaner52: So Lasagna is technically a casserole
Anon95: Even transperancy.tube as website detecting what ideological tag what channel what videos it produces
Blue_catgirl: Sup fags
Koda: stfu blue ur literally a fag
Blue_catgirl: I know
Anon95: And Hearts Of Iron IV Millenium Dawn Mod tagging other ideologies. Yes, it was all matrix
Koda: k
Koda: lol
Anon95: This is what paradox game does to you. Any last words?
Soup50: Dom
Soup50: I have the REAL definition of casserole
Koda: dominic
Koda: dominiccer
Domthebeaner52: yes soup?
Anon95: Paradox Interactive is a company
Jacob_rees_mogg: In these cases there is also a question of vested interest. Ie how hard are they trying to make an attempt at objective analysis
Domthebeaner52: let me guess
Domthebeaner52: "White Mom Food"
Koda: definition:
Koda: shit.
Domthebeaner52: Koda
Anon95: I mean... theyre trying to answer my question
Domthebeaner52: is Lasagna shit?
Jacob_rees_mogg: I know paradox, they banned me for my subjective opinions :)
Anon95: so yeah thx for critic
Anon95: oh
Soup50:: https://i.ibb.co/7jzcRw7/Screenshot-2022-03-11-20-57-28.png
Koda: don't even do that
Koda: that's like saying all fruits taste the same
Koda: like bro :|
Koda: stop :|
Anon95: anyways. Good luck in your life.
