Callmecali: when you feel better can we eventually date like not now like when im older
few minutes before 11:56:53Monday, October 3, 2022Day of German Unity

In-Games Flores:
Ghost66 joined.
Ghost66: Nice to see assmaster is still here
Assmaster: hi
Birthdaychicken: Hi
Ghost66: Anything interestingly 
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Assmaster: ?
Ghost66: Since lucas
Assmaster: no
Ghost66: I’m the dead queen
Assmaster: ah
Yurtis480 won the round!
Ghost66 left.
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Bra joined.
Bra left.
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Biglittlefoo won the round!
Jackass125 left.
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Generic joined.
Generic: hi
Annefranklyicare joined.
Assmaster: hi
Generic: oh lord
Assmaster: ?
Generic: annefranklyicare
Generic: interesting name
Generic: this guy sounds like a character
Annefranklyicare: Don’t worry about it honestly
Tresmur won the round!
Assmaster won the round!
Yurtis480 logged out.
#1 Rando Bot won the round!
Flores joined.
Biglittlefoo won the round!
Birthdaychicken: Is that a real statue 
Assmaster: yes
Flores won the round!
Birthdaychicken: How high was the guy who made it
Flores left.
Flores joined.
Assmaster: high
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Flores: A
Flores: B
Flores: C
Flores: D
Flores: E
Flores: F
Flores: G
Flores: H
Flores: I
Flores: J
Flores: K
Flores: L
Flores: M
Flores: N
Flores: O
Flores: P
Flores: Q
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Ovobama won the round!
Finalrelationship joined.
#1 Rando Bot won the round!
Tresmur won the round!
Generic: oops
Assmaster: cum
Finalrelationship won the round!
Annefranklyicare logged out.
Birthdaychicken won the round!
Tresmur won the round!
Assmaster won the round!
Flores won the round!
Sniperrifle won the round!
Sniperrifle won the round!
Assmaster won the round!
Assmaster won the round!
Ovobama: Sakuyaizayoi sonds like anime. It is TouHou. idk difference
Ovobama won the round!
Sciencedamage joined.
Birthdaychicken won the game!
Birthdaychicken: Yay
Assmaster: gg
Sniperrifle: gg
Birthdaychicken left.
Ovobama: Is Generic real?
Bigboy98 joined.
Finalrelationship logged out.
Sniperrifle: I have so many reasons to be depressed right now
Bigboy98: how tf does ovobama have over a million wins
Assmaster: 1110454 wins
Assmaster won the round!
Sniperrifle: but the process of losing is quick and time goes one direction anyway
Bigboy98: sniperrifle what tf you going on about
Tresmur: I kinda relate
Sciencedamage: hahaha
Bigboy98: assmaster can i master your ass
Assmaster: yes
Sniperrifle: hopefully he doesnt get any damage
Bigboy98: Snpierrifle are you gayu
Bigboy98 won the round!
Sniperrifle: I am host
Bigboy98: i asked if your gay
Sniperrifle: and I didn´t asked
Bigboy98: its not "asked" its "ask" 
Bigboy98: no ed
Sniperrifle: k
Bigboy98 won the round!
Bigboy98: its ok not k
Ovobama: look, I voted an assmaster fuck card, I am gay now
Bigboy98: lmao
Bigboy98 won the round!
Tresmur: wait, you guys like Undertale
Sniperrifle: y
Assmaster: no
Tresmur: He. Is. Gay.
Sniperrifle: Jesus no
Sniperrifle: Why are ppl even asking out of nowhere
Ovobama won the round!
Sniperrifle: Why do you not like Undertale?
Assmaster won the round!
Steakladder joined.
Ovobama: Undertale is boring
Ovobama: yes Steakladder you heard that right
Sniperrifle: you can also like boring things
Tresmur: It´s the same lvl as My Little Pony
Tresmur: "Oh look, I make such a difference by being nice to ppl and spare"
Sniperrifle: ...
Sniperrifle: It´s more than that
Sniperrifle: about choice and courage
Sniperrifle: doing the right thing
Sniperrifle: unlike GTA and Dark Souls. Ot other popular games making voluntary the right thing
Assmaster won the round!
Tresmur: You can go outside pick up trash or save the whales or somethin
Tresmur: Besides thta, it´s Fictional
Tresmur: Chara won´t bite you, if you kill someone in GTA or real olife
Ovobama: The Great Papyrus is greatly naive and annoying
Flores logged out.
Sniperrifle: we don´t talk about the fanbase
Tresmur: Can you get why I find this gay?
Ovobama: It´s more childish tbh
Ovobama: Imagine "Safe" Hitler like Asriel and you realize how delusional it is
Ovobama won the round!
Sniperrifle: out of context. Hitler would be Mad Dummy. He hates you just because you exist and you have to dodge them and survive the battle long enogh to progress
Tresmur: lmao dodging Holocaust for 1941-45 ?
Tresmur: Also if it wans´t for the allies killing it, your dodging and pacify the Wehrmacht ends you in death
Tresmur: Why do you think war, atomic bombs and soliders still exists in the firstplace?
Sciencedamage logged out.
Ben27 joined.
Sniperrifle: ok it was too far streched, yet you guys thinks large-scale
Sniperrifle won the round!
Sniperrifle: You can individually peace out individuals, yet a society´s problem to solve is larger
Ben27 left.
Sniperrifle: Also I like and get used to Undertale
Tresmur: I like your sis when she watches MLP
Ovobama: bro
Ovobama: what if someones recording this and takes against you
Tresmur: jk
Tresmur: now i am saved
Assmaster won the round!
Assmaster: in minecraft
Tresmur: Only spare the Police instead defund or fight
Sniperrifle: Well, you would Act like in Undertale with the police men
Ovobama: what if he shoots you anyway
Sniperrifle: I am white
Ovobama: Holiday in South Africa?
Sniperrifle: Asgore killed himself and I had to fight Omega Flowey
Sniperrifle: It acknowledges that sometimes like Mad Dummy, they will do everything to destroy you
Tresmur won the round!
Sniperrifle: Yet being social is what makes us humans and not monsters
Sniperrifle: And like Asriel said in the end of pacifist run, The best what you can do is not kill and not be killed.
Tresmur won the round!
Ovobama: Gta V Pacifist challange
Tresmur: Whats even the difference between direct and indirect violence for the victim?
#1 Rando Bot won the round!
Sniperrifle: If you can spare someone, why not
Tresmur: I will know for whta reason I spare and kill
Tresmur: Kant wasn´t perfect with his moral rule "Never kill someone"
Tresmur: also you think you turn into a demon if you kill too many humans or?
Sniperrifle: I just want a betetr Ending preventing Flowey in True Pacifist Ending after to make havoc
Ovobama: Waste of time
Ovobama: Sniper, those monsters in Undertale you spared and saved
Assmaster won the round!
Ovobama: They are fantasy
Ovobama: It rlly doesnt matter if Genocide or Pacifist
Bigboy98 left.
Tresmur: Do you eat by KFC?
Sniperrifle: yes
Ovobama: lol
Tresmur: You could saved those animals too, right?
Bigboy98 joined.
Smallmeat joined.
Sniperrifle: They died before I could do anything
Bigboy98: shut the fuck up sniperrifle
Sniperrifle: and than get packed and selled in Supermarket
Tresmur: bro its our server
Ovobama: also vote
Sniperrifle won the round!
Tresmur: ok so are you vegan?
Sniperrifle: no
Tresmur: And why are you so eager to find a better ending than the official ones Toby Fox set than?
Sniperrifle: Because Flowey will take over
Smallmeat: i have a small dick
Ovobama: This isnt REAL
Smallmeat: neither is your dad
Sniperrifle: Yeah I know
Tresmur: Why not go to the green party then?
Smallmeat: you know what how much of a dissapointment you are
Generic left.
Tresmur: You can save and be pacifist
Smallmeat: you can save and shut the fuck up
Isreal joined.
Sniperrifle: You guys interpret things too much
Smallmeat: you interpret dick too much youfag
Sniperrifle: I just want a better fictional ending
Smallmeat: i just want you to shut the fuck up and get a life
Ovobama: Maybe you should search a job, than make a mod or fanfic about it
Tresmur: same advice
Sniperrifle won the round!
Smallmeat: maybe you should grow the fuck up and get a god damn life you prehistoric small dick saggy tit prick
Sniperrifle: again. Overinterpreting things
Smallmeat: again talking shut the fuck up
Sniperrifle: Hes right
Assmaster: why dont u shut up
Sniperrifle: we should shut up
Smallmeat: honestly shut the fuck up about time you did something worth being proud of
Isreal: you niggas need to get a life yall shouldnt have like several thousands of wins
Ovobama: I like how 3 ppl talks here and eevryone goes on Sniperrifle
Smallmeat: ong
Bigboy98: bruh what the fuck going on
Smallmeat: im rapeing sniperrifles mom thats what
Sniperrifle: I like Undertale, Tresmur said I am gay
Smallmeat: who the fuck asked 
Sniperrifle: than he and Ovobama said Its like My Little Pony a fantasy
Tresmur won the round!
Steakladder logged out.
Sniperrifle: I said that I never took this seriously in the first place
Smallmeat: shut the fuck up snipperfile nobody wants to watch you type like fuck off off yourself bitch die
Tresmur: But you agree that Undertale is for kids right?
Sniperrifle: It has weed jokes
Isreal: undertale is for 4 yos
Sniperrifle: but its mainly 10+
Smallmeat: ad
Smallmeat: sfa
Smallmeat: sdf
Smallmeat: as
Smallmeat: fd
Smallmeat: a
Smallmeat: dfasdf
Smallmeat: a
Smallmeat: sdf
Smallmeat: asfd
Smallmeat: as
Isreal: chill bru
Isreal: damn
Ovobama: Kant: "Killing is wrong."                   Also Kant:"The germanic race has a right to overtake the slavic ones."
Ovobama: Hypokant
Sniperrifle: did he say that?
Ovobama: all I read of is that hes racist and wants to take over poland lol
Tresmur won the round!
Bigboy98: a
Bigboy98: qew
Bigboy98: f
Bigboy98: df
Bigboy98: we
Bigboy98: re
Bigboy98: qe
Bigboy98: a
Bigboy98: f
Bigboy98: as
Bigboy98: f
Tresmur: What´s your all´s  favorite games?
Assmaster: https://i.postimg.cc/VLPNh2D1/cover-large-1672373886.jpg
Ovobama: I wonder if you can Spare Enemies and Killing noone in a video game, right Snip?
Sniperrifle: It can be fun too
Sniperrifle: Pacifist Challenge
Ovobama won the round!
Ovobama: Using 1000 Gliches from YouTube Videos and dying and kills the game doesnt count because very few ppl think that makes even a difference
Ovobama: fun
Norg joined.
Sniperrifle: yes. and if we want to hold this atmosphere stable, we have to be quiet
Assmaster won the round!
Assmaster won the round!
Biglittlefoo logged out.
Ovobama won the round!
Ovobama won the round!
Isreal won the round!
Sakuyaizayoi13 joined.
Assmaster: hi
Sniperrifle: whats your opinion of Undertale?
Sakuyaizayoi13: eh
Sakuyaizayoi13: it exists
Ovobama: jeez
Sakuyaizayoi13: also why are yall still here
Tinny7258 joined.
Sakuyaizayoi13: and why is there a card that says lori yagami's laugh
14:49:34Monday, October 3, 2022Day of German Unity